F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2025-12-11 03:58:19 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
1 CODE 1940
Transaction # 11400669
2
3
4
5 IN THE FAMILY DIVISION OF
6 THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7 IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
8
9 MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
Applicant, Case No. TPO25-01675
10
vs.
11 Dept. No. DM3
DONOVAN CLARK,
12
Adverse Party.
13
______________________________________/
14
Applicant Present: YES-VIA ZOOM
15
Applicant Attorney: PRO PER
16
Adverse Party Present: YES-VIA ZOOM
17
Adverse Party Attorney: PRO PER
18
Presiding Judge/Court Commissioner: ILIN ROCOVITS
19
20 COMMISSIONER’S FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATION FOR ORDER
AFTER HEARING ON MOTIONS
21
22
This matter was originally set to address Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion for
23
Modification of Order for Protection filed November 20, 2025, seeking “emergency
24
child support” from Adverse Party. On December 8, 2025, Adverse Party filed an
25
Ex Parte Motion to Dissolve Order for Protection alleging that Applicant had been
26
arrested and was in custody necessitating the dissolution of the Extended
27
Protection Order Against Domestic Violence (EPO) so that the parties’ minor
28
child could be placed with him by the Washoe County Human Services Agency.
PRO: «pro_rec_num»

---


1 The Court interprets Adverse Party’s Ex Parte Motion in the alternative as a
2 motion to modify the EPO. Later on December 8, 2025, Applicant filed an Ex
3 Parte Motion for Modification of the Order for Protection, which this Court
4 interprets as an Opposition to Adverse Party’s Ex Parte Motion stating that she
5 “is not incarcerated” and requesting the EPO remain in place. Thereafter Adverse
6 Party filed an Opposition to Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion which this Court
7 interprets as a reply in support of Adverse Party’s original Ex Parte Motion. At
8 the commencement of the hearing this Court stated its intention on the record
9 to hear all pending motions filed by the parties. Neither party objected.
10 Accordingly, based upon the testimony of the parties, the Court now finds and
11 recommends as follows:
12 Adverse Party’s Ex Parte Motion
13 Adverse Party testified that his request to dissolve the EPO was based
14 solely upon Applicant’s arrest which Adverse Party understood to be for
15 “bigamy.” Adverse Party alleged that upon Applicant’s arrest the Washoe
16 County Human Services Agency sought to place the children with him but could
17 not do so due to the terms of the EPO. Adverse Party acknowledged, however,
18 that as of the time of the hearing, Applicant was no longer in custody. The Court
19 also takes judicial notice of the fact that Applicant was not appearing from a
20 detention facility at the time of the hearing. Accordingly, it is hereby
21 recommended that Adverse Party’s Ex Parte Motion is denied as moot.
22 Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion filed December 8, 2025, is also denied as moot.
23 Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion
24 Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion filed November 20, 2025, seeks “emergency child
25 support.” This Court may order an Adverse Party to pay support for a minor
26 child if the adverse party is found to have a duty to support the minor child.
27 NRS 33.030(2)(C)(3). Adverse Party did not dispute the minor child identified in
28 the EPO is his child. During the course of the proceedings the Court stated on
PRO: «pro_rec_num»

---


1 the record that regardless of any other financial disputes between the parties,
2 the Court would only be considering the request for child support.
3 Applicant testified to various financial difficulties she had been experiencing.
4 Adverse Party testified that he should be credited with financial support he was
5 providing through payments associated with the residence from which he is
6 restricted in the EPO. The parties were in dispute over whether Adverse Party
7 has in fact been making any payments towards the financial obligations
8 associated with the home as well as what the obligations are. Having
9 insufficient evidence to evaluate either party’s statements related to the finances
10 associated with the home, the Court now focuses solely on the statutory
11 calculation of child support.
12 The EPO grants Applicant temporary custody of the parties’ minor child.
13 Pursuant to Adverse Party’s Financial Disclosure filed on December 5, 2025, he
14 reports a gross monthly income of $4,313. Based upon the statutory percentage
15 for one child of 16%, Adverse Party’s child support is calculated by the Court to
16 be $690 per month.
17
18 Accordingly, it is hereby recommended that Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion for
19 Modification of Order for Protection filed November 20, 2025, is granted, and the
20 Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence issued on November 18,
21 2025, is modified as follows:
22 1. Beginning December 10, 2025, and continuing through May 18, 2026,
23 Adverse Party shall pay Applicant child support in the amount of $690 per
24 month.
25 2. It shall not be a violation of the EPO for Adverse Party to make the child
26 support payment to Applicant or communicate with Applicant via text
27 message regarding arrangements for payment.
28 3. In the event a court of competent jurisdiction issues a child support order
PRO: «pro_rec_num»

---


1 inconsistent with the foregoing after December 10, 2025, such order shall
2 supersede the foregoing.
3
All terms and conditions of the Extended Protection Order Against
4
Domestic Violence not modified by herein shall remain in full force and effect
5
pending its expiration on May 18, 2026, at 11:59 p.m., or further order of the
6
court.
7
8
Transmitted to the State Repository.
9
10
Dated December 11, 2025
11
__________________________________
12
Ilin Rocovits/Court Commissioner
13
Pursuant to WDCR 24(6) a party shall have 14 days from service of written findings of fact
14
and recommendations within which to file and serve an objection. A response to an
objection shall be filed and served within 7 days of service of the objection. Pursuant to
15
WDCR 31(5) in cases involving orders for protection against domestic violence, the
16
recommendation of the commissioner shall become effective upon notice to the parties,
unless stayed pending review by the judge. A stay of the commissioner’s recommendation
17
may be granted at the request of any party to the action or upon the initiative of the court.
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
PRO: «pro_rec_num»

---
