F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2025-11-20 03:06:28 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
1 CODE 1940
Transaction # 11363701
2
3
4
5 IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
6 OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7 IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
8
9 MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
Applicant, Case No. TPO25-01675
10
vs. Dept. No. DM3
11
DONOVAN CLARK,
12
Adverse Party.
13
__________________________________/
14
COMMISSIONER’S FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATION FOR
15
ORDER SETTING HEARING ON APPLICANT’S MOTION TO MODIFY
16
The Court has reviewed Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion to Modify the Order
17
for Protection filed November 20, 2025, and having jurisdiction over the
18
parties, enters the following:
19
It is hereby RECOMMENDED that this matter is set for a hearing on
20
Applicant’s Motion to Modify scheduled for December 10, 2025, at 10:00
21
a.m. Both parties are directed to file financial disclosures no later than three
22
days prior to the hearing.
23
This hearing will be held remotely through Zoom teleconference. To
24
participate:
25
1) Download Zoom to your smartphone or computer; or call into zoom at
26
1-877-853-5247
27
2) Enter the Meeting ID Code: 955 6617 9319 and Password 085143
28
3) Name yourself upon entering the meeting so the court knows what
PRO: «pro_rec_num»

---


1 hearing you are appearing for. You will be placed on hold until your
2 case is called which may be more than thirty minutes. If you do not
3 remain on hold and your case is called, your case will be heard without
4 your participation.
5
Applicant must have Adverse Party served with a copy of the ex parte
6
motion and this recommendation for order setting hearing, prior to the
7
date of the hearing.
8 Absent other prior order of the Court, each party shall exchange with each
9 other and provide to the Court copies of all exhibits that party intends to
10 present at the evidentiary hearing as soon as possible but not less than three
11 (3) days prior to the hearing. Any document which has not been provided to the
12 Court and the other party pursuant to this Order may not be considered at the
13 evidentiary hearing absent good cause. E-filing documents for the evidentiary
14 hearing shall not waive a party’s ability to object to any such document, nor
15 does such filing mean the document is evidence until it is admitted by the
16 Court.
17
18 Plaintiff/Petitioner’s exhibits will be marked in alphabetical sequence (A,
19 B, C…) and Defendant/Respondent’s exhibits will be marked in numerical
20 sequence (1, 2, 3…).
21 Any witness for the evidentiary hearing shall appear by Zoom (using both
22 video and audio) unless such appearances are excused by the Court upon
23 motion. Witnesses shall not be in the same location with a party, nor may they
24 be in the same location as another witness absent order of the Court. Witnesses
25 may appear from either party’s attorney’s office or from the Washoe County
courthouse so long as the witness(es) are sequestered from each party and other
26
witnesses during the evidentiary hearing. Each party is responsible for ensuring
27
his/her witness has the Zoom login credentials prior to the hearing.
28
PRO: «pro_rec_num»

---


1
If either party fails to appear or participate at the evidentiary
hearing, it may be construed as consent to the relief as requested by the
2
other party.
3
If either party fails to appear or participate at the evidentiary
hearing this Court may nonetheless proceed with the hearing and/or may
4
make orders adverse to that party’s interests including, but not limited
5
to, final orders on contested issues.
6
7 Unless exempted by court order, both parties are ordered to sign up for E-
8 Filing. Directions can be obtained at www.washoecourts.com.
9 It is further Recommended that all terms and provisions of the
10 Extended Order for Protection shall remain in full force and effect pending
11 its expiration or further order of the court.
12 Dated November 20, 2025
13 ____________________________
Ilin Rocovits/Court Commissioner
14
15
16
Pursuant to WDCR 24(6) a party shall have 14 days from service of written findings of fact and
17
recommendations within which to file and serve an objection. A response to an objection shall be filed
18
and served within 7 days of service of the objection. Pursuant to WDCR 31(5) in cases involving orders
19
for protection against domestic violence, the recommendation of the commissioner shall become effective
20
upon notice to the parties, unless stayed pending review by the judge. A stay of the commissioner’s
21
recommendation may be granted at the request of any party to the action or upon the initiative of the
22
court.
23
24
25
26
27
28
PRO: «pro_rec_num»

---


1
2
CERTIFICATE OF MAILING OR ELECTRONIC SERVICE
3
4
Pursuant to NRCP 5(b), I certify that I am an employee of the Second
5
Judicial District Court, and that on this date, I deposited for mailing or
6
submitted to the court’s electronic filing system, the foregoing document as
7
follows:
8
9 NOTICE BY ELECTRONIC FILING SYSTEM:
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
10
DONOVAN CLARK
11
12
13
DATED: November 20, 2025
14
15
_______________________________
Court Clerk
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
PRO: «pro_rec_num»

---
