F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2025-11-10 11:14:18 AM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
1 CODE: 1940
Transaction # 11343005
2
3
4
5
IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
6
OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
8
9
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
10
Applicant, Case No. TPO25-01675
11
vs. Dept. No. DM3
12
DONOVAN CLARK,
13
Adverse Party.
14
____________________________________/
15
COMMISSIONER’S FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATION FOR
16
ORDER ON EX PARTE MOTION
17
The Court has reviewed Adverse Party’s Ex Parte Motion to Dissolve
18
Protection Order filed November 10, 2025, and having jurisdiction over the
19
parties enters the following:
20
It is hereby RECOMMENDED that Adverse Party’s Motion will be
21
addressed at the time of the hearing scheduled for November 18, 2025, at
22
9:00 a.m.
23
The hearing will be conducted remotely through simultaneous audio- visual
24
transmission. To participate:
25
1) Download Zoom to your smartphone or computer; or call into zoom at 1-
26
877-853-5247
27
2) Enter the Meeting ID Code: 955 6617 9319 and Password 085143
28
3) Name yourself upon entering the meeting and remain on hold until your

---


1
case is called which may be more than thirty minutes. If you do not
2
remain on hold and your case is called, your case will be heard without
3
your participation.
4
Use of Zoom requires a stable internet connection and the ability to use audio
5
and video from an approved device (i.e. computer, tablet, smart phone). If any
6
party or witness is unable to access audio and video capabilities via Zoom or has
7
any other concerns or restrictions regarding use of Zoom, that party or witness
8
may utilize Zoom from the Court’s available devices / internet connection by
9
coming to the courthouse at One South Sierra Street, Reno, Nevada twenty (20)
10
minutes prior to the hearing in order to participate in the hearing using computer
11
equipment located at the Washoe County Courthouse. If a litigant or witness
12
intends to utilize the Court’s computer equipment the person coming to the
13
Court shall contact the Domestic Court Clerks at (775)325-6626 or (775)328-
14
3272 or via email at domestic@washoecourts.us as soon as possible to make
15
arrangements with the Court to participate in the proceeding using computer
16
equipment located at the Washoe County courthouse.
17
Absent prior order of the Court, each party shall file a notice of witnesses
18
and/or exhibits identifying all witnesses the party intends to call at the hearing
19
and/or attaching copies of all documentary exhibits the party intends to present
20
at the hearing as soon as possible but not less than 3 days prior to the hearing.
21 Applicant’s exhibits should be marked in alphabetical sequence (A, B, C…) and
22 Adverse Party’s exhibits should be marked in numerical sequence (1, 2, 3…). In
23 the event a party wishes to present an exhibit which consists of an audio or
24 audiovisual media file, in addition to filing the exhibit, the offering party must
25 also serve the other party with a copy of the media file in a viewable format and
26 be prepared to play the file through their device using the screen sharing
function of the zoom program at the time of the hearing.
27
Any witness or exhibits not properly disclosed as described above may not
28

---


1
be offered/admitted at the evidentiary hearing absent agreement of the
2
parties or Order of the Court. Complying with the foregoing notice
3
requirements shall not waive a party’s ability to object to any such document,
4
nor does such filing mean the document is evidence until it is admitted by the
5
Court.
6
Any witness for the evidentiary hearing shall appear by Zoom (using both
7
video and audio). Witnesses shall not be in the same location with a party, nor
8
may they be in the same location as another witness. Witnesses may appear from
9
either party’s attorney’s office or from the Washoe County courthouse so long as
10
the witness(es) are sequestered from each party and other witnesses during the
11
evidentiary hearing. Each party is responsible for ensuring his/her witness has
12
the Zoom login credentials prior to the hearing.
Hearings are set for 15-20 minutes on a stacked calendar which means
13
multiple hearings may be scheduled for the same time. Parties must appear on
14
time to be checked in but should be prepared to wait up to an hour or more for
15
their matter to be called. The Court utilizes best efforts to hear each matter
16
within the hour for which it was scheduled, but in extreme circumstances, longer
17
delays may occur. Parties are encouraged to plan their schedules accordingly.
18
Parties who do not believe their presentation of evidence can be accomplished
19
within the 15-20 minutes allotted may file a motion seeking a longer hearing
20
identifying their bases for the request. If the Court calendar will allow, the
21
hearing may be rescheduled to a different date for up to 1 hour.
22
If either party fails to appear or participate at the evidentiary hearing,
23 it may be construed as consent to the relief as requested by the other party.
If either party fails to appear or participate at the evidentiary hearing this
24
Court may nonetheless proceed with the hearing and/or may make orders
25
adverse to that party’s interests including, but not limited to, final orders
26
on contested issues.
27
Unless exempted by court order, both parties are ordered to sign up for E-
28
Filing. Directions can be obtained at www.washoecourts.com.

---


1 This Court reminds all participants to dress appropriately. The electronic
platform does not negate the gravity or formality of the proceedings. Protocols
2
for attending hearings via zoom are posted in Spanish and English here:
3
https://www.washoecourts.com/main/covid19response#ZoomProtocols
4
All terms and conditions of the Temporary Protection Order Against
5
Domestic Violence shall remain in full force and effect through November 18,
6
2025, at 11:59 p.m. or further order of the Court.
7
8
Dated: November 10, 2025
9
10 ____________________________
Ilin Rocovits/ Court Master
11
12
13
Pursuant to WDCR 24(6) a party shall have 14 days from service of written findings of fact
14
and recommendations within which to file and serve an objection. A response to an
15
objection shall be filed and served within 7 days of service of the objection. Pursuant to
16
WDCR 31(5) in cases involving orders for protection against domestic violence, the
17
recommendation of the commissioner shall become effective upon notice to the parties,
18
unless stayed pending review by the judge. A stay of the commissioner’s recommendation
19
may be granted at the request of any party to the action or upon the initiative of the court.
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28

---


1
CERTIFICATE OF MAILING OR ELECTRONIC SERVICE
2
Pursuant to NRCP 5(b), I certify that I am an employee of the Second
3
Judicial District Court, and that on this date, I deposited for mailing or
4
5
submitted to the court’s electronic filing system, the foregoing document as
6
follows:
7
8
NOTICE BY MAIL:
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
9
6550 PYRAMID WAY, SPACE 37
10 SPARKS, NV 89436
*Courtesy copy sent to Applicant’s email address.
11
12
NOTICE BY ELECTRONIC FILING SYSTEM:
13 DONOVAN CLARK
14
DATED: November 10, 2025
_______________________________
15
Court Clerk
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28

---
