F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2025-10-10 04:41:25 PM
COURT CODE: 3385
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
Transaction # 11290738 : bkeyl
IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
Megan McCafferty
CASE NO.:
Applicant (print your name above),
DEPT:
vs.
Donovan Dee Clark
Adverse Party (print the name of the person you
want protection from above).
UCCJEA DECLARATION
*This document will be sealed and kept confidential if requested in section 9*
1. Children.
Alexis May Clark 02/24/2014
Child 1:
First Middle Last DOB
6550 Pyramid Way Space 37 Sparks NV 89436
Address City, State, Zip Code
Since birth
When did the child start living here? (date)
Who does the child live with?  Me  Someone else (name)
NA
Child 2:
First Middle Last DOB
Address City, State, Zip Code
When did the child start living here? (date)
Who does the child live with?  Me  Someone else (name)
NA
Child 3:
First Middle Last DOB
Address City, State, Zip Code
When did the child start living here? (date)
Who does the child live with?  Me  Someone else (name)
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Enforcement Act Declaration
(DV Protection Order)
(Revised September 2020)
Page 1 of 3

---


2. Nevada Residence. How long have the children lived in Nevada? (☒ check one)
(cid:31) The children have lived in Nevada for the past six months, or since birth.
(cid:31) The children have NOT lived in Nevada for the past six months.
3. Past Residences. List the other places the children have lived in the last 5 years.
Do not include where the children are living now.
Who the Child City & State Where Dates Child Lived
Lived With the Child Lived There (mo/yr – mo/yr)
Sue Jones (mom) Las Vegas, NV i.e., 5/18-9/18
Examples 
Past Residence: -
NA
Past Residence: -
NA
Past Residence: -
NA
If the children lived with anyone other than the parents in the last 5 years, write their
NA
names and current addresses here:
4. Department of Family Services (“DFS”) / Child Protective Services (“CPS”). Has
DFS / CPS been involved with your family? (☒ check one)
(cid:31) 
No.
(cid:31) 
Yes. When: Caseworker’s name:
5. Current Custody Case. Is there a custody order? (☒ check one)
(cid:31) 
No.
(cid:31)
Yes, there is a current custody order concerning the child. The order is from case (case
number) . It was issued in (county)

County in the State of .
6. Your Participation in Other Cases Concerning the Child. Have you participated in a
case concerning the child as a party, witness, or in some other capacity? (☒ check one)
(cid:31) 
No.
(cid:31)
Yes, I have participated in the following cases concerning the child (list the state, the

court name, the case number and the date of the child custody order, if any):
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Enforcement Act Declaration
(DV Protection Order)
(Revised September 2020)
Page 2 of 3

|  | Who the Child | City & State Where | Dates Child Lived |
|---|---|---|---|
|  |  |  |  |
|  | Lived With | the Child Lived | There (mo/yr – mo/yr) |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |
|  | Sue Jones (mom) | Las Vegas, NV | i.e., 5/18-9/18 |
| Examples  |  |  |  |
| Past Residence: | NA |  | - |
|  |  |  |  |
| Past Residence: | NA |  | - |
|  |  |  |  |
| Past Residence: | NA |  | - |
|  |  |  |  |


---


7. Your Knowledge of Other Cases that You Did Not Participate In. Do you know of
any other case concerning the child that could affect this case, such as other custody
cases, protection order cases, or adoptions/terminations? (☒ check one)
(cid:31) 
No.
(cid:31)
Yes, the following cases that could affect this case (list the state, the court name, the

parties involved, the case number and the type of case):
8. Persons Other Than You or the Other Party Who Can Claim Custody / Visitation.
Is there anyone other than you or the adverse party who has custody of the child or who
can claim a right to custody or visitation with the child? (☒ check one)
(cid:31) 
No.
(cid:31)
Yes, the following people have custody or can claim custody/visitation of the child:

(list names and addresses of anyone who claims custody/visitation rights):
Confidentiality. Would your health/safety/liberty or the child’s health/safety/liberty be in
9.
danger if the information in this document is released to the adverse party? (☒ check one)
(cid:31)
Yes. This document should be sealed pursuant to NRS 125A.385(5). Note: the court
may release this information to the other party after a hearing if the court orders the
disclosure.
(cid:31)
No. This document may be provided to the adverse party.

This document does not contain the personal information of any person as defined by
10.
NRS 603A.040.
I declare under penalty of perjury under the law of the State of Nevada that the
foregoing is true and correct.
DATED October 10 , 20 2 5 .
/s/Megan McCafferty
Submitted By: (your signature)
(print your name) M egan McCafferty
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Enforcement Act Declaration
(DV Protection Order)
(Revised September 2020)
Page 3 of 3

---
