F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2026-02-24 01:57:27 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
1 CODE 1940
Transaction # 11535750
2
3
4
5
6 IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
7 OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
8 IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
9
10 MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
11 Applicant, Case No. TPO25-01675
12 vs. Dept. No. DM3
13 DONOVAN CLARK,
14 Adverse Party
15
__________________________________/
16
COMMISSIONER’S FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATION FOR ORDER
17
MODIFYING ORDER FOR PROTECTION
18
19
The Court having reviewed Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion to Modify Order for
20
Protection filed on February 24, 2026, and having considered the filings and
21
having jurisdiction over the parties, recommends as follows:
22
Applicant’s Motion is granted. The Extended Order for Protection Against
23
Domestic Violence issued on November 18, 2025, is modified as follows:
24
1. The provision precluding Adverse Party from being within 100 yards
25
of Applicant’s place of employment located at: SOURDOUGH & CO., 105
26
LOS ALTOS PKWY, SUITE 105, SPARKS, NV, is removed from the order for
27
protection. Adverse Party is no longer prohibited from being within 100
28
yards of the above listed address.

---


1 2. The provision precluding Adverse Party from being within 100 yards
2 of Applicant’s place of employment located at: COSTCO WHOLESALE, 4810
GALLERIA PKWY, SPARKS, NV, is removed from the order for protection.
3
Adverse Party is no longer prohibited from being within 100 yards of the
4
above listed address.
5
3. The provision precluding Adverse Party from being within 100 yards
6
of Applicant’s place of employment located at: FIVE BELOW, 205 LOS
7
ALTOS PKWY #101, SPARKS, NV, is removed from the order for protection.
8
Adverse Party is no longer prohibited from being within 100 yards of the
9
above listed address.
10
Applicant is responsible for having Adverse Party served with the ex parte
11
motion and this Order.
12
It is further ORDERED that all other terms and provisions of the Extended
13
Protection Order Against Domestic Violence not modified by this order shall
14
remain in full force and effect pending its expiration on May 18, 2026, at 11:59
15
p.m. or further order of the court.
16
17
Dated February 24, 2026
18
_______________________________________
Ilin Rocovits/ Court Commissioner
19
20
21
Pursuant to WDCR 24(6) a party shall have 14 days from service of written findings of fact
22
and recommendations within which to file and serve an objection. A response to an
23
objection shall be filed and served within 7 days of service of the objection. Pursuant to
24
WDCR 31(5) in cases involving orders for protection against domestic violence, the
25
recommendation of the commissioner shall become effective upon notice to the parties,
26
unless stayed pending review by the judge. A stay of the commissioner’s recommendation
27
may be granted at the request of any party to the action or upon the initiative of the court.
28

---


1
CERTIFICATE OF MAILING OR ELECTRONIC SERVICE
2
Pursuant to NRCP 5(b), I certify that I am an employee of the Second
3
4
Judicial District Court, and that on this date, I deposited for mailing or submitted
5
to the court’s electronic filing system, the foregoing document as follows:
6
ELECTRONIC FILING NOTIFICATION:
7
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
DONOVAN CLARK
8
9
10
11
12
Transmitted to the State Repository: February 24, 2026
13
14
DATED: February 24, 2026
15
_______________________________
16
Court Clerk
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28

---
