F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2025-11-13 04:12:21 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
Transaction # 11350685
Exhibit
Cover
Page
g
NUMBER
EXHIBIT

---


--l>
FILEO
Electronica
TPO1641 5
'.24 ?M
20
ant
urt
060
T
I coDE
2841
2
J
4
O]VISION
THE FAIIIILY
IN
5
COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
JUDICIAL OISTRICT
OF THE SECOND
6
WASHOE
AND FOR THE COUNTY OF
IN
7
t
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
I
Applicant
Case No. TPO'|6{11795
vs
l0
Oopt No. DM
CLARK'
DONOVAN
I
Ad Pa
t2
APPLICATION FOR ORDER OF PROTECTION
DISI'ISSING
ORDER
l1
order ot Protoclion Ageinst oomostic violence having
for Tervrporary
t4 An Application
t5 filed in th. instant mattcr and lt appearing to the satisfsc,tion of the Court that an Order
boen
t6 not is8ue for lhe following reason(s):
should
O
t7 Th€ parties ara not rdatod to each othar as raquired by N.R.S. 33.018;
ts
IE Applicent has not b€€n subjoctod lo recant ads of dornostic viotencs as outlined in
N.R.S. 33.010;
t9
tr
Applicanl fail€d to compl€t€ tho prooa8B by not retuming for the lntervlow with lhc Court
zo
Master.
2l
tr
Olher:
22
prot€dion
GOOO CAUSE APPEARING, the Application for Ordor of Against Domestic
27
Violanc€ is hgreby dlsmiss€d.
21
Dated: NOVEMBER 1,2016
75
26 CJURI
MASIL.R

---


F.
(.1
l-.
cr
c{
7
c
a)
,E
-9
fE 0
r,
o
, cl ?E e
0 OO
I = d c r'= d
oa
E >d,
o cr,
o
-3
q)
g
k ig o o
d .ES
o.
e9a,
"*EgE4
8i
o
7
h:'EzE
d
E
o-
92!i'1
flirg$$g
.EC ,!
$z o
s;E€fi
Ei
5E:
o
E
9-q .o
o9 33c
i$ E*E
-aE7.q! ;$
Hlrs
J
gtl
o!
6<
-2 d
6'i'- o
Y-at I
-z
:t
iiF>,
Iles r4
E"f
J
tt al .rt
4EA
=
o
g5+EE rF
z
2 &,2
<<doe
&6
b
L
t,
\ E5
d
s
l.'(
'-l E
! 9=s
.A
tJ
Oo
\t EEZa
*9
Ff
6i
ds
o
Eg
?1
>. 1 E f,gH
{-J
E3 -,
t< >. :.^
{t l,
+,
rrr
5.-!€AF
,-rJr:D
)-(
a.E'
EEA
rrtsi
L
3Jc)
3p
C)
qE
oa
-
l\
t o
*
d
E
o
()
j
t) Ff
v)
c,
\

---


I
PEMLTY
FOR VIOLANON
OF ORDER II{E
AADUCTION.
CONCEA!.TENT OR OETE}Ifir'{ OF A
q{TD
2
N
UOI.ATIoN
OF THIS ORDER
PUNIS'{ABLE
ISI AS A CATEGORY O FELONY AS PROVD@ rN I{RS
I
19S.1$. ilRS 2m36S
p@t ldor lhot wery p.rsm hrivlru. m.d tf b. t tE
of .ulfody crsd o. -y pcrr( no
It
1 d .,dody to fta cft[d wt' wfitury 6trhr, cand ruruu c,r.fli.rn Frrrl $:fir r o{: p",.on
or rhe e
5 hn'he hxfrl
cuslody or E rbH of dlnatbn ot lho criH ln vlouofl of'| drrcr otthb court or rurEvtrtr ctld tro'ft
I
0tc intdcfion of 0ra coart wflhout Ga co.rs-,t of dlhr rh" aout q rn pslonr urrp tE! n: t[r b afrdy d
7 vkna0an b n {cct lo bahg nmlrh€d for ! cabgory D lbbny.s Drwldcd h NRS ,9it.13{r,
E Thc brms of lha Haguc ConYlnfon of Octob.r 28. 1@. a@t!d by lhc ,.t$ S6!!don of tr llELB
cqftruncc lnffibnrl
0 m Prlmb Las, rppv tr. psr!'rt abducb or lrvrongf. y r6ill3 ! dlrd h.6Jth c(rrlrr,
lo
11
12
13
11
15
,0
17
18
19
20
21
u
23
21
26
26
n
:!e
Irt(1.

---


FILED
Eledroni6sllY
TPO16{1795
201611{9 03:54:13
Bryant
Jacoueline
Court
Cl6rk of th€
# 5799989
Transaciion
:
I
C!dc:
U5
I
2
3
a
3
5
IN TI{E FAMILY
DTWSION
1
OF TEE SECOND JT'DICIAL
DISTRICT
COURT OF TIIE STATE OF NEVADA
I
an IN AND
FOR TIIE
l'lela COTJNT OT WASHOE
e9
ftc,g
14
6
9
t2q4q5}_
.S
ro
Appllclna, .t
tl
C$G No.
B,
D.pt
No.
1i
j
\
t{s3
13
\zqq
\
l'l Advrra Prrty
15 ApprrcArroN ron rEMpoR^RyaND/oLHiJlli?3*ER
A
pRorEcTroN
r,oR +
AcArNsr
I6
€
l7
,il':i,:TJ;?,::lT'l;H:l'll"I!lf
8'.ffi
:?Hiiil!l: s
18
{
:/
t9 Appli crnt strtcs thc following facts under penalry of pcrjury:
oalzolts
l.
20 Applicant's
Datc of Bi E/dtw
Advcrsc Party's
Date of Birth:
Rclationship:
21. I am the
(for
cxamplc,
wife,
ex-husband,
girlfricnd,
o father,
sister, ac.) ofthe party.
Advcrsc
22
(a)
Lengthofralationship:
s-
2l
!qra.
(b)
Havc you livii
C, ever rogether? yes [l tr
No Ifso, 7{/dn
2a how long? I
(
c Arc you
) living
rogcrhcr now? ycs ! B
D
No
(d)
25
Date ofscpararion:
2.erl^- IQ
26 (c)
Wc
have chitd(ren) TOGETHER: y
esfl D
or No If ycs,
whe:e
and with
th6e whom
21 chitd(rcn) living? 6 ,fu are
Lv" u) /^.,
2 My addrcss E coNrrorNrieL
28 is:
(lf
confidcnrial
F
lfaddress , do not writ:
adCrcss
is not confidential, hsrc\
write
below
A ddrcss
/.',:-:AAj4

---


was
child(rcn)
of a minor
visitalion
and
custody
Ortcr eddrcssing
A Dc.rcc of Dlvorcc or
I
ordcr
thc last
of my knowlcdgc'
6@' To thc b?st
cnEd
2
3
order
that
and
on
4 concllnln8, thls mrtter was cntcrcd n this casc)
brdcr cn
(Da te lsst
5
iitaiion, T etc .)
conccmcd
6 d suppon,
ch
ut, as
s
w8S
(Priht what thc last o
7
in the mattcr arc:
involvcd
The child(rcn)
t
AGE
DATEOFBIRTH
NAME
t'/
Z lzq/
z
9
t0
t2
l3
l4
lion
tu
Full cx ,ltn hy v ou bel lcvc rh ls ts a n cm crScncy s a
v
P
l5
t6 from this Coun immcdiatcly
and an ordcr should issuc
I this is an emcrgcncy
bclicvc
rr
t'l
bccausc:
t8
r9
20
o-
/t*.
;t qJ
L-
hr.
2l (,t
4" h luv) Zo
c ds-
Cn<
22
23
,bJ
\C
21
a
25
?6
27
28
RIV t?0r0 t:l l:X l'ARl I. IlOl loN
7
^A

---


contacted
FullY cxPlein whY
you
bcllcvc
th
e
ol hc
r
pa
rty
s
hou d tlot bc
by rh c Judgc
nsidcred
rhc M otion ts co
rrd hrvc tlmc to rcrpond to lhfu Motiorl bcforc
c
c t,
)
+
o c
u
,()c
*Po
A 'o l/\
6
,t
&-r
lz
k
L
l.,.'fa.
L.
S
AC
JJ
U\J
c-
(
4r o
write onlY on
of paper. Bc surc that You
additional shects
attaclt
maY
( lfyou n ced morc spEce' You ofthis cxplanation.)
continuation
ldcn'ltY it as a
clcsrlY
ofthc and
onc sidc Pspcr
poson'
ofany
Number
thc Social Sccurity
not contain
docs
This documcnt
ofNevads' that the foregoing is
ofthe State
thc law
ofpcrjury undcr
pcnalty
undcr
I dcclarc,
rruc and corrcc{. /v\
tb
$is 9' -\n( ,20
of Noua
daY
DATED
( turc
rSna
inl me)
EI EX PARTI MOTION
AA 3
RFV T/2OIO

---


/
COURT
JUDICIAL DISTRICT
TN THE FAMTLY DIVISTON OT THE SECOND
wAsHoE
oi nie irere oF NEVADA lN AND FoR THE couNrY oF
FAMILY DIVISION
NOTICE
MOTION/OPPOSITION
(REQUIRED)
C*fr'^^.brU
NO
CASE
NO.
DEPT.
rHE
MUII pE
ATTA-C.LLEp'AS
NOrlcE
rHrs MoIoNroPPOSIrloN
NOTICE: ;"ffiia;;airv
iiil;;d; ; sdjust a nnar
otii' or
;,"rv ,otion o'
iz:' zsg ot l25C of NRS l!!l to rny
to cnaptcr t
order th8r was lssucd Pursuant
papcr'
motion or othcr
ansurrr or rcsponsc to such a
NO
YES
X
with rn
ANSWER
Mark thc CORRECT
x
I fi dccree
or custod
v
ordc been cnlered n rh s
Has n a
f
s, yo tl do not
f to csti on 2.
v€s, rhcn con n ue Qu !.!
caSc ?
n ced to anSwe r anv o hcr quest ons.
.,
Is rh s a
tnot ron or an oppo s on to a m ot on fi lcd to
l f x
t to sl on
ch nge a fi tl al ord cr? !99' hen conti n ue Quc
a
othcr qu estr ons
no, yo do n ot nccd to ans anv
U
to
3. IS rh s a
mot on or an opposi tlon to a motion n led on v
f
pporl?
thc am ount o ch ld 5U
changc
ti for
4 ls rh s a
mot ton or
a
n o ppos
i)
n
to
a
mo on
fi
tr the tnot on wa5 ed
dcrrt on o f a new a and
rccon i
5
f
Orde r?
drys o thc J udgc s
rh n 0
Datc
4 YES, te n rh fi linq date
I F rhc answcr to Qucsti on s
l
of Order
found on thc fron ge the ud s
Pa
It
or 4, yotl excmDt
f you answe rcd N o to eirher Qucs tron or 2 or Y ES to Qucst on 3 a
fi
B fi fcc H owcvc l- th e Co u rl la lcr detcrm n cs yo u sh ou Id ha P a id thc n c
from h n
you r m ot on will !E bc dec idcd U nt rh fee s pa id
fee,
provided on this Noticc arr lrue'
I affirm that thc answcrs
rV-"t*q4ttab
Signaturc:
Date
Print Namc:
Vb
Print Address:
77 L
Telcphonc Number:
Rcv l0/?{D002

---


p
,- \/-i\l
-,
I
of
(2)
Namc
Afu
2
St lc
County
City
3
a
(3) Nemc of Emp
:5
Addrcss
_
6 County State
City
1
I D (K) ldvcrse Ptrty to stry 8t lcrst IOO yards sway ftom lhc followiog placce'
Orac" tne
rcgularly:
which I or thc minor child(rcn) frequcnt
9
l0
(l)
Name
l1
Addrcss:
t2
City
13
(2) Namc
1{
Ad&css
1s
Stec
County
City
16
17
(3)
Name
I8
Addrcss
County Statc
19 City
20
physically
2t & O,l (r) Epronibit thc Advc6c Pqrty, cithcr dircctly or through an rgent, &om
injuring or threatcning ro injurc any admal that is owacd or kcpt by thc Adversc Party,
22
child(rcn), or mc.
thc mioor
Plrty, dircctly or through an agcnl, from taking
BlPmhibit the Advcrsc
G)
"ithcr
14
possession ofany animal owncd or kept by mc or the rninor child(ren).
23
26 (3) E I rcqucsr thc Coun to spcci! thc olrtnS,cmcnts for thc posscssion and care ofany
animal owncd or kept by the Advesc Party, thc minor child(ren), or mc.
21
20
l0

---


I
(-1,,r i'z-{t.)
--{'\.\
--
>M
'8
of
r ]"sult
incurrcd as
snd cxPcnsas
I D (U) Orta rlc ,tavcse Prrty to Pry for lost camings
Application'
tt my horing concctninS this
2 my lttcndmcc
conditions:
M G0 I n rltcr t"qucst thc following othcr
3
t
a
5
6
1
8
9
10
1l
12
13
1{
LAlYS OF E
R
ERP
IDE CLARE UND
15 ED N
VE D H
NEV
ELIEVE
D
TH
PL
16
o RE
17
rl/({
Itl
18
Dated:
19
t.
o Applicant
S
"a
27
22
Print)
's Name lcase
23
24
25
26
21
2g
u

---


\e
q-
f{b
o
\q\ 16
PM
1-OZ O3:'19
2016-1
ne Brya
Jacquoli
co
I Cbrk of the
cooE tl70
# 5794 8
Transaction
I 16
tD{
!
r?0
)
.l
t
t
IN THE FAMILY
,
NEVADA
OF THE SECOND JUDIC]AL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF
!
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
0
r0
UEGAN MCCAFFERW,
It
Appllcant, Case No. TPO16{1555
r2 vs. Dept No. DM3
IS
OONOVAN CLARK,
la
Adverse Party.
I
t5
16
ORDER DENYING EXTENDED ORDER FOR PROTECTION AGAINST
17
DOMESTIC VIOLENGE
rE
This matler came regularly betoro the court on Novembor 2, 2016. Applicsnt was preaent.
tg
ruprcscnUng harlcff. Adrrlrs€ Party was pra3€nt. reposented by Richard Davics,
Esq.
20
Tho corrl. having considered thc filirBs, tosiimony end ovil€nco pr€senl et lhs ho€ring
2r
jurisdiciion psdkr,
and havirB orar thc cntcr hc following:
xl
Al th€ hesring, Apdbsnt's
tostimony was inconsistsnt with lhet otthe doclarstions made
23
r
in hcr Apdicstion br Protlction
ordcr
with re3pcd to thG deys and tim€s within wt$ch
2{
Adr.rs. Plrty
steg€dly struc* hs. Addirion8ny, a[ wirncos testiH
thst Applicenr rocked
hersof in thG botroom. shr w.s not'happed'
in the bathroom by rhe Adrcrsc p87ty
8s
26
i{i.*y
Appriont dsim.d in hrr Apprhstion.
Appricent
so restrfied upon crGa
Qxaminrtion.
:7
plrty's
vvt$a Advofso
taErimony ther it w8s normar ror him to come to trre horrs!
8t
roo
r
2t
u'.s
r.m. riot crldibrc,
it eppcarc from
the sum totar of th. ovrd€nco
that tho issuo
b€tr^r€n rh.

---


a
i a
I
I N
7
District
Judicirl
of thc Sccond
I ccrtify thlr I am an employec
Purcrmt lo NRCP 5(b),
3
chss Posr'8c
wilh Fird
mriting
for
thtt I dc?ositcd
1 of Wrshoc, rnd
Corrr in urd for thc County
tlr
rsing
by
! with tha Courr
filcd
clccronicelly
mail'
intcroflict
pepaid Ncvrdr, scnt by
at Rcno,
I lnd coEcct
a ttuc
pickcd-up'
filing or had
will r noticc of clccronic
ECF Sptcm which scnd
7
to:
addrtsscd
documcnt
copy of the foregoing
E
I
10
Esq'
Richard P. Davies,
rrVia
SYstcmt'
Filing
E-Flcx
ll
12
Mcmn McCaffcrtY
t3
fl37
WaY,
PYramid
655-0
NV 89436
Sparks,
11
6
7' 201
Novcrnbcr
't5 DATED:
lcrk
C
10 Court
17
18
19
m
21
2
ZJ
21
25
26
27
28
ruml
roro r€c
PRO:

---


FILEO
$?---
Eleclronicslly
FV'6-01822
2016- 'l -10 1 -1V
1 1
^1:2
t
CODE
I
Trensaclion 5801
2 lo
3
,$
a
(
5 O
c
L
I
t
IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
NEVADA
OF
0 IN TTIE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE
ro IN AND THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
FOR
11
12 DONOVANCLARK,
nn0a7822
No.
Case
13 Pettione&
Dept. No. 5
1it vs.
r5 MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
t6
ResPondent.
17
DENYING EX PARTE MOTTON; ORDER TO SET
t8 ORDER
!1 Motion
Ms' McCafferty's Parte Emergency Re
't9 The Court reviewed
ChildreosubmittedNovemberg,2016.ltnowfindsandordcrsasfollows:
20
Findinct of
Fact
21
2 1. are the of one minor child: Alexis May Clark (DoB:
The Parties
Parents
a Mr. initiated the instant action by filing a Petition to
24, ?f/7q. Donovan
February
3,2016' There havc been no
on November
Visitation and Support
Custody,
21 Estabtish
court regarding custody or visitation of the minor child.
by the
25 determinatioru
2 court order Mr. Clark to retum the minor chi
requests the
Ms. McCafferty
23
Mr. clark broke into Ms. McCalferty',s home a
McCalferty alleges
27 to her custody. Ms.
Mr. Clark is unfit to carc for the mi
the minor child. Ms. McCaffcrty argucs
26 removed
1

---


filc lbr it t
lawl'cr
his
I child. M!. Mccefferty statrr,.l hr<l o Trrrc on hinr fountl out hr. Jrrrtl
Ms' McCnfft'rt
chiltll" [sicl'
minor
2 be desolved and then hc brokc in anrt book [thc
[ricl
I hit hcr with his r.'nr
nlmost I
with knife. ond
rllcges Mr. Clark pteviously tluentcncd hcr n
nnd physicall
Mr. Clark is emotiturnlly
a front of ttrc minor child, Ms. Mccaffcrty nlleges
kill
to
Ms
kCaffe*y Mr. Clark yells ond hits. and thrcntcn's
6 rh.rsiw. clairns
N{s.
Mr
child. Ms. McCoffcrty nllclScs
c Mccafferty or to commit suicide in frorrt of thc minor
7 clark does not have any diapcrs, clothcs, or foocl for thc minor child. Ms. McCnffer
t welts
hit oldmt daughtcr, lcaving a
claims Mr. Clark previously Ms. McCaf{erty's
clork
dms not know whcre Mr. ls. nq
0 bruises on the child. Ms. Mccafferty allegcs shc
Mr. Clark ndmlttcd to tlol
10 currently do€s not heve an addrcss. Ms. McCaffurty avcrs
tl
"vc
meth, and he drinks heavily on a daily basis. Ms. McCafferty allcgcs Mr. Clark has a
12 violcnt temp€r."
3.
13 Thc Court notcR a rclatcd case, Casc No. TTrtOl&01555, rcgartling thc
't4 Parties. On November 2, fr16, tlta Parties appcarcd for an cxtcnsion hcnrin6 regarding
r5 Ms. McCaflerty's Temporary Order for Protection Against Domcatic Violcnce. cntcrcd on
16 October 3,2076. At the time of the hearing Mr. Clark testificd ncgative for illcgal
17 substarrces. The November 7, 2476, Order Denying Extcndcd Ordcr for Protcction
'it
t8 Against Domegtic Violence, provides, appears from thc aum total of the evidcncc that
t9 the issue betrveen t}l€ parties is one of the custody arrang€ment of thc partica' minor
20 child and not domestic violence."
21 Conclueiona of Lew
1.
22 The Nevada s'preme court epecified a'ccnEal
tcnct of our
legar system
ig
23 the concept of notice and hearing.
Justice is senred only when parties are given adequatc
21 notice and an appropriate opportunity
to respond in open court.- Clark county
sEprts
25 Enerprises. Inc. v. IGighn' 90 Nev. J9s,3%, p.2d
s6G Lr1,,4r2 (197).
Accordingly,
this
court
2S finds €x parte relief is generany appropriate
onry when a party or ch d w l
bc
27 caused immediate or iniury
irtEparabre or
where notice would
frushate
the
very
2A purpose
of the order.
WDFCR
4B(2)(a) and (b)(a).
2

---


I
I
t 2.
Washoe District Family Court Rule ("WDFCR") 43(2)(b) allowa the
1 Errnting of motions on an sx parte basis only in clear and grave emergencies, such as
3 tho* and welfale of
situatiotu in which there is an imminent threat to the health, safety,
a puty
or minor child.
a
by
5 3. Wi$ the limited and unsubstantiated inlormation provided Ms'
0 Mccaffurty, this Court is unable to conclude a or the minor child's health and
Party
Motion
7 salety is in imminent danger. Good causing appearing, Ms' Mccafierq/s Ex Parte
6 is not the proper subiect for q5 parte relief and her Motion is DENIED on an eI Pa4g
I
basis. Ms. Mccaflerty may call law enforcernent or the Washoe County Deparknent of
to social senrices if there arc immediate concems about tlre minor child's health ot safety.
4.
1t The Parties are reminded they share ioint legal and physical custody of the
12 minor child pending an order of the Con:rc NRS 125C 0O1E2). Thus, the Parties shall
$gg
t3 have equal acress to the minor child and neither Party shall withhold the rninor child
t4
from tlre other Parry.
t6 5. regarding temPorary child custody and support during the
Issues
l6 perrderry o{ an action are determined at the Case Management Conference' As the
17 Parties have not set a Case Management ConJerence, within ten (10) days of receipt of
18 this Order, Ote Parties are directed to iointly contact the Departnent 5 Judicial Assistant
t9 at (VS) 3&37136 to set the Case Management Conference.
providce thet every perron having e Umited right of custody to
20 NRS 200,359
d
child or any parent having no right of custody to the child who wlllfully detaln
21
s,l
zl or remover the child from a percnt, guerdlan or othcr peraon having lewful
conceelg
B
curtody or a right of vieitrtion of the child in violatlon of an ordcr of this court,
or
2a r€mov€a the child from the luriediction of the court without thc cons€nt of either thf
25 court or ell pcreone who heve the rtght to custody or vleitatlon ie eubicct to bein!
26 puniahed for e category D fetony le provided in NRS 193.130.
27
28
3
I

---


I
of Oclobet 25'
Convention
I I\rrou.t* to NRS 125.510(4 the terms of Thc Hague
Intcrnetlond
on Prlvetc
I l!tt, l{th of The Hagre Confercnce
by the Seesion
edop'ted
country'
foreign
rttainr chltd In a
hw, iI parent ebductr or wrongfully e
S epply
e
{
fT IS SO ORDERED'
l0
,mrc.
0 Dated: Novembe,
6
')
7
t
District
Judge
I
t0
No.
1t Case FI|TOOLBZZ
12
13
11
t5
16
,17
t8
19
m
21
22
23
21
25
26
27
28
,l

---


\_
a
I
I
NAME
(first
tnd
I8s0
DATE APPLICANT'S wHo
ADVERSE
OF CHILD (YcVNo)
PARTY'S C]{ILD
2
BIRTH
CHILD (YcyNo)
IVES
L
3
WITH
Circlc
Circle
a 3
Ycs No
Yes No
Circle onc *"f
Circlc one
5
Ycs No
Ycs
4.
6
Circlc one
*ofl
CYircolc oDne
E
7 5
""f
"o
'i
t*n
Circlb
one Circlc onc
*of
6.
Yes No
9
lo
Have you or thc Adwrso party
@) evcr bccn rwrrdcd cusrody/guardianship
l1 of thc minor
ycs
E
child(rcn)
by Coun Orda?
E No
l2
Who was awardcd custody/guardianship? [ eppticanr I party
Advcrcc
13
By what Court?
l{
(if
Court Case No. lcrown)
15
you
7 Plcasc chcck rhc appropriatc box, IF or the ADyERSE pARTy
have evcr filcd
16 a cqsc in
!
any coun for I D Divorcc, ffi patcrnity, S
Custody,
E
Ctrita Suppo4
Guardianship,
t',
fi
protcction
ordcr for Against Dom*tic vioraDcq I
or
Stalking/Haressmcnt order. prcasc
l8
indicatc whcn and whcrc thc cas(s)
was filcd, and list frc casc numbc(s) if
known.
b'o
l9
lo I
0
20
2t
(a)
PRorEcrrvE
8. Has GHILD (cps)
SERVICES
evor
22 becn contactcd rcgarding
any member of
fi yes I
thc houschold in past ycar?
rhe No
23
(b)
ls CPS cunently involvcd wirh your fi ycs I
famity?
No
24
Ifyes, give
details, including
the cascworker,s
name:
23
,€q
L,(-
t
25 O.rt rcl g
c-c
21
28
3

---


1
I
(r)
9.
Docs ttn Advtnc prdy
possess
a firearm, or docs puty
the Adverse
hevc a fireerm undcr
2 his
or
hcr cuslody or contol? D ycs !
No
EIdon,tknow
(b) Hr
plrty
3 ttre edvrrsc
c\rcr thrcstc"*, nrr*."a,
,rrrr.O *"
,"r, ,,nor
child(rcn), or
",
uyone
I clsc with r g
firaerm or ury other weapon? & Vo
No E
I don,t
know
Ifycs, giw
dcrrils:
5
6
1
8
9
(o
I0.
uve
r
10 F ucea or reasonably believc will
I bccomc victim
a of domestic violcncc corrmited
by tbc Advcno party.
ll
rtr
'Gt s o,qrr",;
havc becn or are in dangcr of
becoming victim
a ofdomcstic
viorcncc
L2
commiEcd party.
by thc Adverse
13
rn rhc fo,owing
6prce, 6tate the flrts that support your Appricruon
Be as spcciric rs you r,
t{ strrdng wrth thc lrbst reccnt incrdenl cr
thc'3p210-ii'iag s$".
.to.rra" end locetions,
and ryhethcr
lew eoforccmcnt or medicst personnel inilffi':
havc bccn
15
TIIIS
APPLICATION
IS A PI,.IBLIC
'16 RECORD
I7
o
l8
I9
20
2t
(
22
23
,;
25
26
I
21
28

---


i
I
tul a-
2
3
OLr .l
{
>.\
5
6 (hl,u-
e
1
I
(
9 r
lo
I1
1
L
L
t2
L
13
rt
l5
t6
1?
l8
l9
t
20
ac
2L
l
22
2l
l6
e
,1|/
24
.5
+a
( L
I
tinoksc
P ON TITE BAcKs o} /.i,.,
P,,\CT,S.
5

---


a
I
E tq*leA-lftylryrkrr
rry
yr&
t@ fiEn trcrn chl}Irarj,s
tbc
.'
<+ trd
I
cr(s}
-
colTIDEr.nAI
d D
(rdE'
lt rrr
I - t?L
of I scbooV&y cer rod .d&x; lrre./
.*-,-f
D f}{gf
rr-
rriE
of tcboo(l/day cu{l) od bcbr:
a rd&ea.da7
I
(l)l-drlla.L,
cEt
(
a
h
1
cry
Se
ezm,y b*'*'i-ot
l\;,J
t
@ltd&lr&y
t
Arl&Ess
t0
cay C.rdr__Su:c
l1
I
7:'
)irc
erwnl
of a' ca:
@) da1.
,^d&rss
1t *y
Conoty Sar
I
I-l tc h.rybnlyrt
.,e 69OCcr edrase lcd lmyads rrzy Au
plrc{s)
Ey of
[ U
6 t-<
OrAcr eCv:rsc hrrj/ s:!y .r
rD 100 Sards ecry Goo rbc foltoriag pbcs,
rtich r oir
qlllrt1t
I rbc eLild(rta) Ec$td
t9
Ni-
(r)
2L Ciry
Corlary !:rr-
22
i2)Nru
23
Adtbtss
21
City
Coonry
25
26
(3)
Na-r.c
21 .Address
i
Gty
CouDr)'
St.:::
I
I
i

---


O &tf nobtf puty,
l
tbc Adrrcrse cithcr dirrcrly or thmugh an rgent, from physically
[lt
c
iajuing
EoittS to injurc rny animrl p
that is owned or kept by the Advercc erty, thc
I
niuchi(cn).
or mc"
a e) perty,
Nl nomUit
Ue.Advcrsc cither dircctly or rhrough
an agent, &om teking
5 pscssim
of rny
animel owncd or kept by mc or the minor child(rcn).
6 (K)
I hntila
rcqucst drc following o6ct conditions:
.5
V
B M
r.'
c 4,cS o u
9
Io
10
0u
II
t2
13
1a IF YOU W|SH TO APPLY FOR A HEAR]NG FOR AN
EXTENDED
ORDER
l5 FOR PROTECTION COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING
INFORMATTON
16
14.
$ r.qror I
1') t thc courr hord he.rin8 for an EXTENDED ORDER FoR pRoTECTIoN
AGArNsr
DOMESTIC VTOLENCE (which courd bc in cffoa for up ro one year), ard !i tb.r
18
frcr
hcrring
thc Coun issuc en Extcndcd for Protcction Ageiost Domcstic Violcncc rnd l}rt
i9 ir
includc thc following rclief and eny othcr rclicf the Coun decms approprirrc-
20
(Plcasc yOIJ).
chcck ell thc choicc(s) rhar mry egply m
2t
fil
tlc peny,
1e;fromUir Advcrs. eithcr dircctly
or rhrough rn rgcnrr
from rhrcercning,
22 phpicelly
injuring, hrnssing
or me and/or rhc minor child(rcn).
pl
fl
2! etolitit
rtrc Adversc PerD/ from any contect wilh mc *,brtsocvcr.
!{ $ tC) e*ua" rlc Ad'crsc parq' &om my residencc rnd ord., fie plnrr !r
Ad\.crsc
stlv
ro
lers
100 yuds ewry from my rcsidcnca
25
plcnnt
[l
rcmponr-v cusrody of rhc child(En)
minor lo ma
26
El
G) Crent rfrc Adscrs. Prrq, vitirrtion
wirh rhc hinor chitd(rci).
fr.r
panl,
E'(F) rhc .A.d*crsc ro p!!, suppon snd mrinrrnrn.c oiilc niio:
chil:irL:\ (\.iJ
ms!.bc rrquircd ro filc rn Afndr\.ir of Fi:rrncirl Coi.

---


S pay
{O Orao tU. Adversc Party to pay thc rcnt or make pryments on 8 mortgsgc or
towerds nly support and msintcn!ncc.
D
(H) Ordcr that custody, visitation, and support of the minor child(rcn) rcrnain as ordorcd in
Numbcr
the Decrec of DivorcdOrdq cntcrcd in Crsc in thc
of
Coult of thc Starc
[t
6l; OrUcr ttrc edvarsc Party to stiy rt lcsst ylrds away from thc minor child(rcn)'s
I OO
cOxfmfnffal
D
school, or day carc., locatcd at;
(f
confrdcntial, do not writa nsrDc ofschool and addrcss hcre).
E Ifaddrcss is not confidcntial, plcasc writc name ofschool or &y caro and addrcss(cs)
bclow:
I
(l)
Name ofschool or day cate
lon
501,5
Dr
Addrcss: -2-
'w
r---sutc
co*ty!*5k
r.lrl
City 1
(2) Name of school or day care
Addrcss
City County
State
3) Name ofschool or day carc
Address
City County
State
F (J) Order thc Adversc Party to stsy at lcast l0O yard,s away from my placc of
employrncnt.
Ifaddress is n confidcntial, plcase writc namc ofcmployer and addrcss(cs) bclow;
of
( I ) Name Empl
Addrcss;
City County
State
9

---


I
stra-lll_
a,v
I
tr-urkt, 1!_s-6--_
zip
code
!
2 t ou.n S
rcnt tlris residarcc.
Lcese/title is hcld in ell thc following
namc(s):
3
How long havc you
becn living in this
rcsidcnce?
'l
s
3.
Advcnc
Party's
address is:
6
Addrcss
r lj nrn ,r.!
r
1
Statc
2;p
Code
I
party
How long has thc Advcrso bcen living in this ratidcncc? I
9
My placc of emptoymenr is corvrromtrr,q,L.
l0 (rf
@ confidcnriar, do not wrirc lddnsr
hcre)
D
lfnot
confideatial,
state placc(s) ofcmploymcnt:
ll
Namc of cm
t2
Address:
Phone
r:
] City
County
Statc
l{
Namc ofcmp
r5 Address:
Phone
City
l5 County
Statc
Name of empl
l?
Addrcss:
Phone
18
City
County
State
l9
5.
Advcrse Partv's cmploycr
is:
20
Addrcss:
Phone
2t
City
County
Statc
22
23 6 (a) The name(s) and darc(s) of birrh ofthc minor chird(rcn) ofwhom
I am
the percnr, appoinrcd
guardian, or who livc in my homc, arc as follows:
24
NAME (first and las0 DATE APPLICANT'S
ADVERSE
wHO
25
OF CHILD (YcsNo)
PARTY'S
CHILD
BIRTH
CHILD
26 (Yes/l.,lo)
LIVES
WITH
21 Circlc f{ f
o Circle
r.ft)rxVnt *^tilr..
lo'(1o1
Ycs No
Yes No
ztlt
20
Circle ci
I onc
ycsfl
'fl(,tn "of
z-fllq r.ro
tu14
clg$tL

---


I
MAILING
CERTIFICATE OF
2
Pursuant to NRCP s(b), I certify I am an employee of the Second Distr
Judicial
ld?ra",
3 Court, and on the of November, 2016, I deposited for mailing firet
a pre-paid, at Reno, Nevada, a true and correct copy of the foregoing oocurnel
Postage
5 addressed to:
6
Megan McCafferty
7
t{ay,
llramid
5550 #37
I
Sparks, NV 8936
I
CERTIFICATE OF ELECTRONIC SERVICE
10
lShaay
tne r,
I hereby certify on of Novembe zJ76lelectronically filed the
1l
foregoing with the Clerk of Court by using the ECF system which will send a notice of
1?
filing
electronic of the document to:
13
14
RICHARD DAVIES,
ESQ,
t5
16
17
't0
ludicial Assistant
19
20
21
Z2
23
21
25
26
27
2E
5

---


FILEO
Elec{ronrcallv
FV1641A22
2016-11-09 O4:26:5'l M
Jacqueline Bryant
Clerk of the Court
f
Transaction 5800133 ea(ici
ORlGlt'lAL
Codc: t670
Namc:
Address:
e onc: (o\
Email:
Sclf-
IN THE FAMILY DIV]SION
OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DTSTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
IN AND FOR THE COIJNTY OF WASHOE
.I,r
$r/r-f
lrkqc^,.. 1t
-._.f- (rrt1u-ol6zz
------Pamioncr,
No.
Casc
vs,
s
Dept. No.
esp ent.
EX PARTE EMERGENCY MOTION REGARDING CHILDREN
MOTION TO
name o ls mo )
iAtc-,6"'+.
Me4^n
________E6u?ndrli) appearing in Proper Person, hercby move rhis
,
Court to issuc an cmcrgency ordcr, without notice to
e CI s nsme)
granting thc following:
Slole onl! whal tea,rl lhe co rl lo order. Do no! erplain wh1 ye1i *rnr r,," order Issned
St6x
or why you belicve lhe olher porl)t should ,tol hove notica of this tttotion. Those rensons will
filled ln on the nexl poge.
be
L
REV 8/2010 AA I.I I:X PAR] E MOTION

---


*i
FILED
Electronically
TPO16-01555
2016-10-03 02;06:4 PM
Jacqueline Brva
Clerk of the Cou
coDE
1 4165 Transaction # 5737 27
ob
:
\
4
I
5 IN THE FAMILY DIVISION OF
6 THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7 IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
8 EGAN MCCAFFERTY
Applicant, Case No: TPO16-01555
vs. Dept. No: DM3
10
DONOVAN CLARK
11
lssued:
Date 10/03/16
12
Adverse Party.
Expires:
I Date 11102116
14
TEMPORARY ORDER
FOR PROTECTION AGAINST DOMESTIC VIOLENCE
15
16
VIOI,ATION OF THIS ORDER IS A CRIME
17
YOU, THE ADVEIISD PARTY, ARE NOTIFIED THAT YOU CAN BE ARRESTED €VCN if lhc
penon who obtaincd this Order invi(es or allows you to contact hinr or her. You have the sole responsibility to
18
avoid or refrain from violatiDg thc tenns ofthis Older. Ortly the Coun can change this Order upon written
application.
19
YOU ARE FUIITHER NOTIFIED THAT IF YOU ARE ARRESTED FOR VIOLATING THIS
20
if:
ORDER, you will not be adrnitted to bail sooner than l2 hours after your anest ( I ) the arresting officer
detcnnines that the violation is accompanied by a dircct or indirect threat ofharm; or (2) you have previously
(i)
violated a tcmporary qr extended order for protcction ofthe type for which you have becn arrested; or at the
titne ofthe violation or wirhin 2 hours after the violation, you have: (a) a concentration ofalcohol 0f0.08 or
22
rrore in your blood or breath; or (b) an anrount ofa prohibited substancc in your blood or urine that is equal to
I
or greater than the allount sct folrh in subsectiort ot NRS 484.i79.
23
YOU AR0 FUITTHER NOTIFIED that child stealingrkidnapping is a fclony.
24
THIS ORDER is valid and cnforccablc throughout theSta(e ofNevada, This C)rdcr rncctsall Full
25
Fsith snd Credia provisions of the Violcnce Against Women Act, and is cnforceable ill all 50 statcs, thc
District of Columbia, U-S. Territories, and Indian Nations. AII other courts ard larv cnforccncnt
26
agcrcics ri,ith juris(lictioD within thc Unitecl Strtes ond all tndian Nations shall give full faitlt arrd crcdit
to this Crrder pursuant to l8 U.S.C 2265
27
28
An Application and Affidavit having been flled in this Court by the above-named
PRO:211453

---


Applicant requesting that a Temporary Order for Protection against Domestic Violence
1
a be issued by this Court against YOU, the above-named Adverse Party, or the Court
having received specific facts by telephone/facsimile pursuant to NRS 33.020(5), and
3
jurisdiction
the Court having over the parties and this matter pursuant to NRS 33.010,
4
et seq., and it appearing to the satisfaction of the Court from specific facts shown by a
5
verified Application that an act of domestic violence has occurred, there exists a threat
of domestic violence, and/or you represent a credible threat to the physical safety of
7
the Applicant or the minor child(ren) and good cause appearing for issuing such Order
8
without hearing, YOU ARE HEREBY ORDERED as follows:
I
physically
YOU ARE PROHIBITED, either dlrectly or through an agent, from threatening,
10
iniuring or harassing the above-named Applicant and/or minor child(ren). YOU ARE FURTHER
11
giving
PROHIBITED from selling, damagirrg, destroying, away, or otherwise disposing of, or
12
tampering with, any property owned by the Applicant, or in which Applicant has an interest;
13
YOU ARE PROHIBITED from any contact whatsoever with the Applicant, including but not
14
limited to, ln person, by telephone, through the mail, through electronic mail (e-mail), fasimile or
'15
through another person;
't6
q,a 1. X
YOU ARE EXCLUDED AND ORDERED to stay at least 100 yards away ftom
17
E E
Applicant's residence located in WASHOE COUNTY, NEVADA, CONFIDENTIAL 6550
't8
Pl/lAMlD WAY SPARKS or any other place that Applicant may reside. YOU shall not interfere with
'19
Applicant's possession and use of residen hones, leases and other related
20
residential servicesi
21
2
t4
,X- A law enforcement otficer, within whose Applicant's residence is located,
iurisdiction
L.
22
shall on ONE OCCASION ONLY accompany Adverse Party to Applicant's residence located at
6550 PYRAMID IiAY ii37 PARKS NEVADA and shall stand by while Not Applicable obtains
S
24
ANY
clothing, toiletries and the following additional items NOT AP PLI CABLE
25
PROPEITTY IN DISPU'IE SHALL REMAIN IN THE RDSIDENCE TJNLESS IT IS
27 SPE9HfICALLY IDENTIFIED IN THIS ORDER.
g.
" X
ffre Court. having jurisdiction under and meeting the requirements ofChapter 125A
PRO:
211453

---


1 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (UCCJEA), grants to Applicant temporary custody of the following
2 minor child(ren) of the parties ALEXIS CLARK 2/24114: YOU ARE PROHIBITED from intedering with
Applicant's custody of the minor child(ren) named in this paragraph. lt is in the best interest of the
4
child(ren) that no negative, insulting. or disparaging comments be made by one party against the other
5 pahy in the presence of the minor child(ren);(SEE PROVISION 9, HEREIN BELOW)
4.
6 N/A
Custody, visitation, and support of the minor child(ren) of the parties shall remain as
7 Number
ordered in the Decree of Divorce/Order entered between the parties in Case NoT
8 APPLICABLE thE
iN NOT APPLICABLE Judicial District Courl of the State of Nevada;
I
5. X
f.-,
YoU ARE EXCLUDED AND oRoERED to stay at reast 100 yards away trom the
't0
minor child(ren)'s school(s), or day care, including but not limited to the places listed. WASHOE
1'r at tr
E
COUNTY, NEVADA CONFIDENTIAL, SEPULVEDA ELEM 507 ION DR SPARKS
6.
N/A
YOU ARE EXCLUDED AND ORDERED to stay at least 100 yards away From the
13
E E
place(s) of employment located in , CoNFIDENTIAL, at Not Aoolicable . or any other ptace that
't4
Applicant may be employed. YOU ARE PROHIBITEO from any contact whatsoever with these
't5
place(s) of employment, in person, by telephone, by mail, or any other means of communicationi
to
7.
N/A
YOU ARE EXCLUOEO AND ORDERED to stay at least l00 yards away from the
17
following places, frequented regularly by Applicant and/or minor child(ren) as/described as:, tocated
in
18
tr E
CONFIDENTIAL, at Not Applicable
'19
L X
Notwithstanding other provisions of this ORDER, the following provisions and
20
exceptions are made a part of this ORDER:
21
I
(a) YOU AltE PROHIBITDD, either dilectly or thlough an agent, from physically
22
injuling or thleatening to injure any animal owned or kept by the Applicalt the lnillor
23
child(ren) or you.
24
X
25 ) YOU ARE PROHIBITED. eithel directly or through an agent, frorn taking
possession of any aninral owned or kept by the Applicant or the minor child(ren).
26
ffi The following provisions and exceptions are made a part ofthis Order:
28
IS
A.ADVERSE PARTY PROHIBITED FROM HAVING ANY CONTACT OR COMMONICATION WITH
PRO.211453

---


1 THE PARTIES ' MINOR CHILD/REN PENDING FURTHER ORDER OE II{E
COURT.
IS
2 B.ADVERSE PARTY PROHIBITED HAVING Y
FROM AN CONTACI OR COMMUNICATlON WITH
APPLICANT'S
OTHER MINOR CHILD
,/REN.
C.
4 UPON SERVICE OE THIS ORDER ADVERSER PARTY IS TO SURRENDER APPLICANT'
S
BIRIH CERTIFICATE AND PERSONA], I.D AS WELL AS ?HE BIRTH CERTIFICATES
OF
6 BOTH MINOR CH;LDREN TO
LAW ENFORCEMENT
7 THIS ORDER WILL REMAIN IN EFFECT UNTIL 11:59 P.M. oN THE DATE SET FoRTH oN PAGE
1
I
UNLESS THls couRT oRDERS orHERwtsE. lf an Apptication for an Extended order is f ed, this
I
Temporary Order will remain in effect until the hearing on an Extended Order is held.
'10
lf you wish to dispute this order or have it changed. you may request a hearing by filing written
a
11 request with this court. court staff will give you information about how to file your request. The court
12 will set a hearing on your request as quickly as possible.
13 lT lS FURTHER ORDERED that a copy of this Order shal be transmitted forthwith together with
the
14
verified Application and supporting Affidavit, to the sheriffls office, or the constable, who wjll prompuy
'15
attempt to serve the same upon the Adverse Party, and upon service, file a Return of service form with
16
the Court by the end of the next buisness day after service is made.
17
'18
19
20
2',l
22
24
26
27
2A
PRO:
211453

---


I'()
OITI)EIT LAW DNFORCENIENT
1
a
(A)
Any law enforcelneut ofllcer who has probable cause to believe a violation of any
plovision of this Order has occurred is ordered to aruest the Adverse Party. Such pafiy is to be
4
charged with a criminal violation of this Order, in addition to any other criminal charges that may
be'justified.
(B)
Ifsuch lau,enforcement officel carnot verify that the Adverse Parly was served witlr
6 a
(l)
copy of the App.lication and Order, the officer shall infor:u the Adverse Party ofthe following:
7
the specific tenns of this OldeL; (2) th.lt the Adverse Party now has notice of the provisions of this
8
Order; (3) that a violation of this Order will result in the Adverse Party's arrest; (4) the location of
the Court that issued the original Order and the hours during which the Adverse Party can obtain a
10
copy ofthis Order; and (5) the date and time set for a hearing on an Application for an Extended
1l
if
Order, any. The law enforcement officer shall then provide written proof of notice to the
12
olilcer's agency and to thc Cour1.
'13 (C)
It shali be tlie duty of the law entbrccnrent officer serving this Older to remove the
't4 I
Adverse Party frorn Ap1;licant's lesidence as set forth in paragraph of this Order.
15
16
17
Dated ber 3, 2016
18
Judge/H ring Ma
a
20
21
22
23
24
26
27
28
PRO:211453

---


I
NOTICE TO ALL PARTIES
2 YOU ARE REQUIRED TO KEEP THE COURT INFORMED OF YOUR CURRENT ADDRESS AT ALL TIMES
3 DURING THE PENDENCY OF THIS ACTION. FAILURE TO DO SO MAY RESULT IN A FINDING THAT YOU HAVE
4 VIOLATEO AN EXTENDED ORDER FOR PROTECTION AGAINST DOMESTIC VIOLENCE, EVEN THOUGH YOU
5 MAY NOT HAVE RECEIVED ACTUAL NOTICE THAT AN EXTENDED ORDER WAS ISSUED. ALL ADDRESS
CHANGES MUST BE REPORTED TO THE COURT IN WRITING ON A CHANGE OF ADDR ESS INFORIVATION
FORM. WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DOIVIESTIC VIOLENCE COURT CLERK,
8 APPLICANTS MAY KEEP THEIR ADDRESS CONFIDENTIAL BY REPORT ANY CHANGES TO THE TPO
I
ADVOCATES OFFICE,
10
11
'13
14
tc
17
't8
'19
20
21
22
24
25
26
PRO: 211453

---


NOTICES TO THE AOVERSE PARTY
1
THIS OROER IS VALIO AND ENFORCEABLE THROUGHOUT THE STATE OF NEVADA.
3 PURSUANT TO THE VIOLENCE AGAINST WOI\4EN ACT. 18 U.S,C. THE TEMPORARY ORDER
52265.
4 FOR PROTECTION OF THE COURT SHALL BE GIVEN FULL FAITH AND CREDIT IN ANY OTHER STATE OR
5 TRIBAL LANO ANO SHALL BE ENFORCED AS IF IT WERE AN ORDER ISSUEO IN THAT STATE OR TRIBAL
b LAND,
1 IF YOU TRAVEL ACROSS STATE OR TRIBAL LAND LINES WITH THE INTENT TO INJURE THE
8 APPLICANT AND THEN INTENTIONALLY COMMIT A CRIME OF VIOLENCE CAUSING BOOILY INJURY TO THE
I
APPLICANT, YOU MAY BE CONVICTED OF COMMITTING A FEDERAL OFFENSE UNDER THE VAWA, 18 U.S,C
10 52261(aX1). YOU MAY ALSO BE CONVICTED OF COMMITTING A FEDERAL OFFENSE IF YOU CAUSE THE
APPLICANT TO CROSS STATE OR TRIBAL LAND LINES FOR THIS PURPOSE. 18 U.S.C.
11 52261(aX2).
IF YOU TRAVEL ACROSS STATE OR FEDERAL IAND LINES W|TH THE INTENT TO VIOLATE THE
'13 TEMPORARY ORDER FOR PROTECTION AND SUBSEQUENTLY VIOLATE SUCH ORDER, YOU MAY BE
14 CONVICTED OF COMMITTING A FEDERAL OFFENSE UNDER THE VAWA, 18 U.S.C. S2262(aXl). YOU MAY
't5
ALSO BE CONVICTED OF COI\,IMITTING A FEDERAL OFFENSE IF YOU CAUSE THE APPLICANT TO CROSS
16 STATE OR TRIBAL LAND LINES FOR THIS PURPOSE. 18 U.S.C.
S2262(aX2).
'17
18
19
20
24
27
28
PRO:
211453

---


1 PENALTY FoR VtoLAT|oN
oF oRDER:
THE ABDUcTtoN,
CoNCEALMENT
OR OETENTIoN oFA
2 CHILD
IN VTOLAT(ON OF THIS ORDER
IS PUNISHABLEAS
A CATEGORY
D FELONYAS
PROVIDEO
IN NRS
1s3'130'
NRS 200'359 provides
that every person
having a limited rrlht
of custody to a chird orany
parenthaving no
4 rightofcustody
to lhe child who willfully detaios,
conceEls orremoves
rhe chfld from a parent, guardian
ororherperson
5 having
lawrul custody
or a rilght ofvisitalion of
lhe child in ofan
violalion order
of this court,
or removes
lhe child from
I
lheiurisdtclion
of the courtwilhout
the consentofeither
ihe court or all persons
who have the right lo
cuslodyor
visitation
is subJect to being punished fora
category D felonyas provided
in NRS 1g3..1g0.
'8
'
The terms ofrhe
Hague convenrion of oclober
25, .1980, adopted
by the 14rh session ofthe
Hague
s
confelence
on
Pn'vate lnternational
Law, aPply if a parentabduct6
or wrongrully re(ains
a child ln
a foreign counlry.
1o
11
12
13:l
14
is
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
il',
25t'
,A
27
28

---


FILED
Electronically
TPO'16-01555
2016-10-03 12:35:22 M
Jacqueline Bryant
Clerk of the Court
Transaction # 5737120 ranum
1 Code: 1255
)
3
4
5
6 IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
7 OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
I
IN AN OF WASHOE
9
s
10
TPA/b
\
_46
Applicrnt,
Casc No.
11
Dcpt No.
tz
vs_
13 florV
J)-rrrr^
Adverse Parly :---
L4,
APPLICATION
FOR A TBMPORARY AND/OR EXTENDED ORDDR TOR PROTECTION AGAINST
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE
16
Ple[se write or print clearly. Use black or dark blue ink.
l1
Cotnplcte this Applicrtion to the bcst oIyour knowledge.
18
Applicant states the following facts under penalty of perjury:
19
/
20 I Appticant's Date of Birth: &'r< /,q Xdverse party,s Date of Birlh:'<f ?o/8.(
: e/. {t;
2l Relationship I am the C\(? (for example, wife, ex-husband, girlfricnd, father,
tr,:
sister, etc.) ofthe Adverse Party.
2Z
q
cn (a) )
Length of relationship
23
l.o
(b)
-r Have you ever lived rogether? yes fl No ! If how lun,r\
so, long?
.,
7-
24 (c)
Are you living rogether now? Yes $] No
=
(d)
SeparatiorrL.
2F.
of
R( Date
(e)
TOGETIIE\: !
26 We have child(ren) Yesfl or No tf yes, where and with whom are
{4
these child(ren) living? h'
27
5 i$rel$vh
!
Mv
CONFIDENTIAL. (lf
2. address is: confidential, do not write
re
28 s
M
lf
address is not confldential, write below:
t
5
Address S a
d

---


(D &(
1 Prohibit the Adverse Party, either directly or through an agent, from physically
I )
)
injuring or threatening to injure any anirnal that is owned or kept by the Adverse Party, the
3 ninor child(ren), or nre.
4 E'(2) Prohibit lhe Advcrsc Party, eithcr directly or through an agent, from taking
5 possession of any animal owned or kept by me or the minor child(ren).
(K)
6 I further request the following other conditions:
'lt-
i,
t
1
C<c\.'l
8
f
,-'..!' .\
t
9
1Q
ll
r?
13
14 IF YOU WISH TO APPLY FOR A HEARING FOR AN EXTENDED ORDER
FOR PROTECTION COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION
15
16
I
t1 t4 I request the Court hold a hearing for an EXTENDED ORDER FOR PROTECTION
AGAINST DOMESTIC VIOLENCE (which could be in effect for up to one year),.and at that
18
hearing the Court issue an Extended Order for Protection Against Domestic Violence and that it
19
include the follorving reliefand any other reliefthe Court deems appropriate.
20
(Please check all the choice(s) that may apply to YOU).
2t
(A) Prohibil the Adverse Party, either dilectly or through an agent, from threatening,
:-!
physically injuring, or harassing me and,/or the minor child(ren).
..
(B) Prohibit the Adverse Party fiom any contact with me whatsoever.
23
E
(C) Exclude the Adverse Party from my residence and order the Adverse Party to stay at
24
least I00 yards away from my residence.
25
E
(D) Grant temporary custody olthe n.rinor child(ren) to me.
26
(E) Grant the Adverse Pany visitation with the minor child(ren).
21
(F) Order the Adverse Party to pay support and maintenance ofthe minor child(ren). (You
p
28 may be required to file an Affidavit of Financial Condition or to the hearing).
8

---


,|
ORDER AND NOTICE
2
3 In accordance u'ith Washoe County Distlict Courl Rule 3l (5)', as approved by the Nevada
4 Suprerne Court, Ordels fbr Protectiou Against Dontestic Violence, whether temporary, extended,
5 modified or other, ale el-fective as of lhe datc oljssuance by a Second Judicial District Court
6 Master. l'hese O[de Is do l'lot l'equire the signature ol'a Distlict Court Judge to become effective.
7
8 A party against whom a Temporrry Ordcr of Protection (TPO) has been issued by
a
9 Second Judicial Distliot Coun Master, may file a Motion ro Contest the TPO with the Court, at the
'10
Family Court Filing ol1ice, located at One South Siena Street, First Floor, Reno. Nevada.
11
Any party may also file an Objection to an Ordcr issued by a Second Judicial District
't3
Court Master within l0 days of service the Order.
14
15 A party may request a stay of an Order of Protection by liling a lnotion with the Court
16
17 Folnrs for Motions and Objections are avaitable at tlle Family Court Filing oflice or the
18 Self-Help Center, both of which are located at Ol]e South Siena Street, First Floor, Reno, Nevada
19
20 IT OIIDEIIID.
IS SO
)1
a)
I
(X-/L
24
District Court Judge
28
I
WCDR I L5 slatcs. ln cascs involying ordcrs for protcction against don)cslic violcncc, lhc rc.conrmcndalion ol'thc mastcr
shall bccornc clltclivc upon noticc to thc panics. unlcss star'cd pcndingacvicrvbylhcjudgc. Astayof thc mastct
s
rccolnDrendatior nray be grnnrcd at thc rcquest ol any pany lo lhc action or upon thc iniliativc ofthc coutl-"
PRO: 211453

---


ct
.o
I
r-
q
.ao
TE
rj:
e )x
E
U)
a tsH c
d frl o bD lj cr ra ..9
.i
rl + 6 a !:
r_l
r:r
E qEE CJ d\=; r'l
U A E: H 6 > * rr di ,4-L t t!
B_
Eq
nxfi .t) a.
!, 4 x
;0 F ,4 '; ET
fr ( e .-e g S,
tr
a sr4
s.E
P-
Iil E 7;62o>l I H
ahd o E, Edo
EE €"r
*dH
F,]
a, e-B
(t) i'i *;
!.(J FI -2 >
o E
: < ts: EA tr_
*- H:'Z
-1 I
F"
ts.o U trl | 3>-
'2
E;
-t3o -d
6t f'l 5I Fl I L,o ct- B
8*
3 hG, E |46 B
Fl
*"
TEg
Fl 4 dP- .=EB Z o t'f,R ?>1 9 i PH F9
B3;*b
=ar(I
a
'511
FE g 99 !d
AEE
i" E F, H "jE "jtsB ?'S
r|-9-t ts{
u. =- -ds 4.0c+ } e€F
EK B.B! E riF .2.dZJ?.
€G' sd *8'tr
{ o.9 {-F org" E!
E h
(-. & *
= P -i
>. a> ts E F!
>,
?{fi o,
.?E5gB
rn H*E3E
U o
d dZZe.
.1
<<dzd
o
r,l A'H
I
r
bd
.U
0)
olrA-=,
,E iii;.Ei
6
E tEE
bo
f,
7E* o
>E l- ili
.E € -rl
+€sf, c( .q
cq E: '=
iltu l<f
l.} -o
.2 H >6) .P -oI 5
e EESE aE (B
NB (D
tt J r-'r rg 9_ -Ei B"9XE ._l o
b E
,5 f,L
o
E.I
nO >LJ o
>, .= {-
E a H dr)
-c,!: Zcsrr)
i{ .>> E +,
BE€,E
T.a
q
q3 ?ro 5H (\r
o :
rC l-{ X
dra EHa*'E*. (a
.d
q)
-..{.\ .=L
3
qd
:e
.S .9 ! E 6a & Ptr -H .9
E HhaE.Y^e o
€b ,P 6) r;< Eg c.t
tsEgE=EE€
E]o) 5H
oJ(E
c,) C)
.EE
o_
'- 0)
s(a l]DO Otl() o
(- | /-' ,.9 rr I l\
E
o\ v;
Er
EIl5Et [E;eeg 9a h-
o
()ts -
,;
((l= (g
.- ..,
cLo $l -. l . i , 'E o iZ o = f-.r=' .fr J
'1 t.E.='
O'S d 6>
ro;
:Fl E: (ni
o
=B
ft
3
otr != 'cd trc;
[H
;E$EBEI
B
EE
l<
d) ' lf)
S8 c!
.< .F-
,5 dP.'=EEts-q2A:-
Fq
SEe;:lEE*
EE€
,'r
l^,
(6 Hf < l,: ts 7i F l-1 c'e H
J

---


(a)
1
9. Does the Adversc Party possess a firearnr, or does the Adverse party have a firearm under
his
! v".
or her cusrody or coutrol? fr No !ldon,tklow
2
(b)
Has the Adverse Party ever threatened, harassed, or injured you, the minor child(ren), or
3
yo
f]
anyone elsewith a firearm or any other weapon? @ No !Idon'tknow
.-,4
Ifyes, give details:
5
6
7
8
9
p
(a)
10. I have been or reasonably believe I will become a victim ofdomestic violence committed
10
by the Adverse Party.
11
o) R rhe child(ren)
have been or are in danger ofbecoming a victim ofdomestic viorence
committed by the ,\dverse Palty.
13
In the following space, strte tlre facts that support your Application.
Be as specific as you call
starting with tlle ntost rccent incidcnt. Include the r0
a ate dates an d locations, and whether
,].4.
larv enforcement or medical personnel
have been involved.
THIS APPLICATION
IS A PUBLIC RECORD
16 I
17
ill..
6,.'
h
18
0 ( ,l
L o
O
t.
q19
5
S l/ {-
C
5
2t
t
i'^ lt"c
\ ur,ll h i
C
)
i-,1
+ l11 -1..
e
24
ta.
I
t.
25
t
'
,,*)
I lt.ta ^f,n> rTit-i, "'Ditu1,+- r,ri..\\ a* r/, C- ln
(- lZ-c,
26
21
il'

---


1
0
E
3 ) :+
a
t
5
c\
5 t'
6
I
't
I
C
/
10 }V,
,,l
U
c,\S
72
13
o
r
l1
:i
,.
o-
:15
A
16 + a
f lt
i /a hL
,ti
4s
18 a)- Z (.
h
\
-{
19
20 l,'q
r'l'\
+
2I .,1 +
h
l^
22
+
1
a
21
L-.,"
"t-r,/
ii'
5
.'- "se)
25
r'.or
28
PLEASE DO NOT WRITE
ON THE BACKS
OF ANY PAGES.
5

---


(G) Order the Adverse Party to pay the rent or make payments on a mortgage or pay
towards my support and maintenance.
!
(H)Order that custody, visitation, and support ofthe minor child(ren) remain as ord.ered in
Number
the Decree ofDivorce/Order entered in Case in the
Court ofthe of
State
n (l)
Order the Adverse Party to stay at least 100 yards away from the minor child(ren)'s
!
CONFIDNNTIAI,
school, or day care, located at:
(Ifconfidential, do not write name ofschool and address here).
:ll
I
Ifaddress is not confidential, please write name ofschool or day care and address(es)
below:
(l)
Name olschool or day care
III
Address:
City
County
State
(2) Name ofschool or day care
Address
City County State
lill
3) Name ofschool or day care
Address
City County
State
:r[l
E
(J) of
Order the Adverse Party to stay at least 100 yards away from my place
,rll
!
ernploynrent. CONFID ENTIA I-
,, Ifaddress is not conlidential, please write name ofcmployer and address(es) below:
lI
,., ll
,o
ll
Employer_
of
( ) Name
I
Address:
City County
State

---


i
[
1 (M) Oraer the Adverse Party to pay for lost eamings and expenses incuned as a result of
my attendance at any hcaring conceming this Application.
E
(N)
3 I further request the following other conditions:
4
5
5
1
8
b
10
I
11
t2
x4
I DECLARE UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY UNDER THE LAWS OF THE
15
STATE OF NEVADA THAT I HAVE READ THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED
IN
1b THIS APPLICATION. KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, AND BELIEVE THEM
TO BE TRUE AND CORRECT
17
18
Dated:
1q
(
!t
26 of
S a
2l
lwlr,c,{-*q
{V,n,n^
22
24
26
28
11

---


D
FlLE
' .,,':.-...,..,-'
Electronically
TPO16-0 1555
201 6-'l 0-03 2 :35:22 M
1 P
Jacqueline Bryant
-T-t:D/b o/ssS-
the
Clerk of Court
,1 Case No Transaction # 5737120 : rbranum
)
Dept No. DM
eobe
85
33
4
tr\ FAMILY
THE DIWSION
6
7 IN THE SECOND JI]DICIAL DISTRICT COI]RT
OF THE
STATE
8
OF NEVADA IN AIYD FOR TTTE COI]NTY OF WASHOE
I
1o
/
11
n
!-0r.
ts-(
nlaint'tr/appfcant, DECLARAIION
UNDER UNIF ORM
-
12
CEILD
CUSTODY JTTRISDICTION
ACr(NRS
VS 12sAr20)
13
(
14 tc,,{-A
nr( )c.r\
A
efend.r' tlRespondent.
D
15
I
16
L hereby state the following facts:
17
/
1. is/are
There child(ren) ofthe parties subject.to this proceerling Thename, place of
birt\
birthdate d?'sex ofedcn 6nil4 th?: present a-ddress, periods ofresidence and pfaces
18
where each child has lived within thc last five (5) years, and the narne(s), present address and
relationship to the child ofeach person with whom the cbild lived duing that time are:
has
19
20
Neft .Phci
chnd's of BirtL Birrbdr!. Scr
t
t f**^\
21 1,or11* llJ -tq
p
/\(enl. er\a zq
Pcnod ofRosidoaco Ad&uss Pcrrod CLild livcd \Mt[ Rclrtionsla
22 (N:Eo ad Cussrr
Add&ss)
4g7lftrusttJfl.l% b{io tp"AlSt ft"*tdtf
frWw:l
toZo{
Zotl
zc 6{5o ?t'v,,rnilwt Ituw* tuq^
Q FCri+f-
24
to
25
26 to

---


Chi.ld's Nenr Plecc of Birth
Blr'(hdar.
S.r
Addftss P.rsoo Child Lv6d wiLh RoLatioashiF
(Nr$o Ed Culrlst
Add&ss)
to
to
to
Child's Nrrm Plect of Birth Bidbdrta
Scr
Podod of Rosi&oco Plrtoa Chdd Lv.d WitL Rolrtioudti
(Nrh6 ad Cu.rflat Add.rDs) '
to
to
to
Child's NsrrE PI',c. of Birth Birlbd! i.
Sc:
PcEod of Rosdroc! ?crscn ChildLvad Wrth Rolatioo ship
(NrEa Ed Currclt Add$sr)
to
to
to
NOTE: Attachinformation about additional children or additional
information on chil&en [sted above on attached sheet(s). Attached sheets(s)
MUST this fonn.
be same size as

---


1 (2) Name of Emplo
Address
City County
State
3
4
(3) Name of Employer
,5
Address
6
City County
State
1
I
(K)
Order the Adverse Party to stay at least 100 yards away from the following places,
q which I or the minor child(ren) frequent regularly:
10
(l)
Name
11
Address:
I2
City County State
13
L4. (2) Name
i:
ri
Address
_
City County State
16
1?
(3)
Name
18
Address
19
City
Coun State
1y
20
(L) (l)
27 lProhibit the Adverse Party, either directly or through an agent, from physically
injuring or threatening to injure any animal that is owned or kept by the Adverse Party,
23 the minor child(ren), or me.
:.
'1
it
E
(2) Prohibir the Adverse Party, either directly or through an agent, from taking
i.:
2s
possession of any animal owned or kept by me or the minor child(ren).
[
26 (3) I request the Court to specifi the arrangements for the possession and carc of any
animal owned or kept by the Adverse Parly, the minor child(ren), or me.
2A
10

---


I 1
cityS:{l{.V
coa"/{/(3G
state 4l zip
i t.J
j
rfl
z owtl Srent this residence. Lease,/title is.held in all the following name(s):
,3
7
How long have you been living in this residence?
4
5
3.
Adverse Party's
address is:
6 6 >,/
eddress
1
Ci
State zip
't- {rJ
I
pef3
How long has the Adverse Party been living in this residence? z rl
9
4 My place of employmenr is I coxrrorNtt.Al.. (lf
confidential,
do not write address here)
10
E
Ifnot
confidential,
srate place(s) ofcmployment
1t
Name of employ
er
12.
Address
Phone
'l City
County
Statc
.L4
Name of employer
Address:
Phone
City
County
15 State
Name of employer
L1
Address:
Phone
l8
City
County
State
19
5.
Adverse Partv's employer
is:
20
Address:
Phone
2t
County
Ciry
State
2?
23 6 (a) The name(s) and date(s) ofbirth of the minor chird(ren) ofwhom
I am the parent, appointed
i:
guardian, or who live in my home, are as follows:
24
NAME (first
and last) DATE APPLICANT'S ADVERSE wHo
25
OF CHILD (YesAIo)
PARTY'S
CHILD
BIRTH
26 CHILD (YesAlo)
LIVES
WITH
21 I
Circle
o Circle one
b1,i-o1
du5 ves[-l
H,l Noll
I Yes No
[,iro^.,,
28
Circle
o Circle
one
tr
[-
2
I(,t,1 z-71-i\ No Yes llTl No
Y".
Ctc.cL
It4l,no

---


1 NAME (first
and lasr) DATE APPLICANT'S ADVERSE wHO
OF CHILD (Yes/i.{o) PARTY'S CHILD
2
BIRTH
CHILD (YesA{o) LIVES
WITH
3
Circle one-
Circle
enc-
I l-l yesl l-
Yesl
4 3 N"
uo
I
Circie
one Circle one
*"E
Yesf] Notr
Yes
4
5
Circle one Circle one *of
5 Yes No
Yes
.
.1
I
Circle one Circle
one *of
Yes[ *oE
YesI
6
.:9
10
(b) Have you or the Adverse Party evcr been awarded custody/guardianship of the minor
11
p
!
child(ren) by Court Order? f'es wo
t2
Who was awarded custody/guardianship? [ fl
Applicant
Adverse Party
ci
L3 ko
By
what Court? r-\ €o*\t*t
4a
$)
l4 .
Court No. (ifknown)
Case
pARTy
7 Please check the appropriare box, IF YoU ADVERSE
or the
16 havc ever filed a case in
!
any courr for a Divorce, lflCustody, f] patemiry, S] Child Support, ! Guardianship,
1?
Ui oraer [or Protec(ion Against I
Domestic Violence, or stalking/Harassment ordcr. please
8
1
indicate when and where the case(s) was filed, and list the case number(s) ifknown.
9
1
+
20
(a)
8 Has GHILD PROTECTIVE SERVICES (cpS) ever beeu contacted regarding of
22 any mcmber
f]
the household in the pasr year? Yes No
@
23
(b)
Is CPS currently involved with your family? ! Ves []
f.to
24
If
yes, give details, including the caseworker's
name:
25
L
1:
ho I
26
21,
28"
3

---


'I
Have YOU ever been anested or charged with domestic violence, or any other crime commifted
.
!
2 against your spouse, partner, or child(ren)? Ves No
@
If yes, WHEN
and where?
3
4
5
6
t2 To your knowledge, has the ADVERSE PARTY ever been arrested or charged with domestic
1
violence, or any other crime committed against his/her spouse, partner, or child(ren)?
I nyes ! No know
ffi I don't If yes, WHEN and where?
9
i0
1i
t2
13. An emergency exists, and I need a TEMPORARY ORDER FOR PROTECTION ACAINST
13
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE issued immediately, without notice to the Adverse Party, to avoid
14 ineparable.injury or harm. I request ihat it include the following relief, and any other reliefthe
15 Court deems necessary in an emergency situation. (Please check all the choice(s) that may apply
to YOU):
15
Xl
(A)Prohibit
the Adverse Party, either directly or through an agent, from threatening,
t1
physically injuring, or harassing nre and/or the minor child(ren).
18
&
(B) Prohibit the Adverse Party from any contact witb me whatsoever.
i9,
0 (C) exctuae *re Adverse Party from my residence and order the Adverse party to stay at
rii
20
least 100 yards away from my residence.
E !
2l (n)OUtaln law enforcement assistance to accompany me to the following residence,
or
f]
to acco-pany tlte Adverse Party to the following residence,
23
24
to obtain p€rsonal property.
[ Cr"rt t".porary custody ofthe nrinor child(ren) to me
1E;
26
(F) Order that custody, visitation, and support ofthe minor child(ren) remain as ordered in
Number
the Decree ofDivorce/Order entered in Case in
the
of
Court of the State
28.

---


[
1 1G;Order ttre Adverse Party ro stay at least 100 yards away from the minor child(ren),s
! COXnfnfNffaf,
2 school(s), or day care(s), tocared at
(lfconfidentral,
do not write name ofa school/day care and addrcss here.)
3
!
IfNOT
confidential, write name ofschool(s)/day
care(s) and address(es) bclow:
4
I
(l)
Name ofschool or day
care
a
6
Address
a)
't
fi.lasl^oq-
City2
County
State
r,/
!,.J
I
,9 (2) Name ofschool or day care_
Address
1b
;1
City
County
State
I1
(3) Name of school or day care
IJ
Addrcss
l4
City
County
State
15:
D
(H)Order
the Adverse Party to sray at least 100 yards away from my place(s) of
15,
employment.
L1
(l)
Order the Adverse Party to stay at least 100 yards away from the following places,
18
rvhich I or the minor child(ren) frequent regularly:
19
l)
( Nanre
'1ii
2o
Address
2r City
County
State
(2) Name
23
Address
-
City
County
State
(3)
Name
27 Address
City
County
2e State
-1
i'r'i

---


in any
party' witness' or in any other capacity
A^r{lrol|l;tnt" one) puicipated as a
2. I have/I
child
Ui*"*r, N/r.iody pro"..aiog i" tttit or any other state concerning custody of a
following
"J,f"r".ti *aL above, please supply the
rff, If you.ciicled 'rhave"
proceeding-.
ottier proceeding(s)'
idormation about the
G) of child involved:
Name each
in otherProceeding
Your role G):
b.
proceeding(s):
number of other
Court, state and case
d but. of Coutt Order or judgment in o ther proceeding(s):
acourtof
:. any.custodyproceedingpendingin
ruaveluao#ia) (circle one)informationof
out in ltem
thisproceeding other than that set
child invotvedin
this or any other state conceming a
other
;;;;; 'If ,,have,, the following inforrration about the
,"" circled Jbore, ple^se supply
proceeding(s).
Er. of child involved:
Narne each
Your role in other Proceedin c(s):
b.
number of o ther proceeding(s):
Court, State and case
c.
judgrnent in ther proceeding(s):
d bate of Court Order or o
physical
circle oru)know of any person not a
party to this proceeding who has
d
this
child subject to
or visitation righ ts w1 th respect to any
to have custodY
custo
following idormation and check
supply the
proceeding IfYo u circle "do" above, please
lines:
appropriate
of
Name and address
Person(s):
a-
of of child):
(narne
physical custody
named has
Person
il
susledy rigbts as to: (name of child);
na:ned c,laitn5
Person
with (name of child):
visitation riglrrs
claims
named
Person
form
this
NOTE: additional sheet(s) same as
Attach
if more room is needed for answers above'

---


I IINDERTM TM
PERJURY
CERTf,TY UNDER PEN.I.I]TY OT LAWS OF
TEAI I TTIE STAIEMEI{IS
STAIE OF NEVADA HA\'E REA.D COMADiIED tr\
TmREO4
CoNTENIS
TgIs APPLICAT. ION, Ifi\{OW THT' AND BELfEVE
TEEM TO BE TRUE AND CORRECT.
(your)
s
l:e
SUBSCRIBED a!.d SWORN to before
ao
of
d"Y
this
-
/DPUTY COIIRI CIERK
NOTARYPIIBLIC
a

---


---
