F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2025-12-15 12:29:51 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
1
Transaction # 11405328
2
3
4
5
6 IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
7 OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
8 IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
9
10 MEGAN MCCAFFERTY, Case No. TPO25-01675
11 Applicant, Dept. No. 2
12 vs.
13 DONOVAN CLARK,
14 Adverse Party.
____________________________/
15
ORDER DENYING OBJECTION TO MASTER’S RECOMMENDATION
16
On December 10, 2025, Megan McCafferty (“Applicant”) and Donovan Clark
17
(“Adverse Party”) appeared before the Court for a hearing on motions. At the hearing, the
18
Court addressed an Ex Parte Motion for Modification of Order for Protection (“Motion
19
for Modification”), filed November 20, 2025, by Applicant, seeking emergency child
20
support. The Court also addressed an Ex Parte Motion to Dissolve Order for Protection
21
(“Motion to Dissolve”), filed December 8, 2025, by Adverse Party, seeking dissolution of
22
the extended protection order (“EPO”) in light of Applicant’s arrest. Pursuant to the
23
hearing, the Court entered the Commissioner’s Findings and Recommendation for Order
24
After Hearing on Motions (“Commissioner’s Recommendation”), on December 11, 2025.
25
Thereafter, on December 11, 2025, Adverse Party filed an Objection to Master’s
26
Recommendation (“Objection”). The Court now finds and orders as follows.
27
In his Motion to Dissolve, Adverse Party requested that the EPO in place be
28
dissolved in light of Applicant’s arrest on an unspecified date. Adverse Party asserted that
1

---


1 as a result of Applicant’s arrest and because of the EPO in place, the minor children in this
2 action were placed in state custody and in need of placement. He indicated that the
3 dissolution of the EPO was imperative so that he may be granted custody of the minor
4 children thereby preventing their placement into foster care.
5 Pursuant to the Commissioner’s Recommendation, Adverse Party’s Motion to
6 Dissolve was denied. The Commissioner noted Adverse Party’s testimony that his request
7 to dissolve was based solely on Applicant’s arrest. As such, in light of Adverse Party’s
8 acknowledgement that at the time of the hearing Applicant was no longer in custody and
9 the Commissioner taking judicial notice that Applicant was not appearing from a
10 detention facility at the time of hearing, the Commissioner denied Adverse Party’s Motion
11 to Dissolve as moot.1
12 In his Objection, Adverse Party asserts the Commissioner erred in limiting the
13 scope of the hearing and refusing to consider Adverse Party’s allegations of bigamy.
Adverse Party believes the Commissioner lacked jurisdiction to enforce the EPO in place
14
due to Applicant’s alleged bigamy. Furthermore, he asserts the Commissioner erred in
15
failing to address the allegedly retaliatory timing of the initial application for the
16
temporary protection order. Finally, Adverse Party asserts the Commissioner failed to
17
consider Applicant’s alleged history of untruthfulness with government agencies. Adverse
18
Party therefore requests de novo review of his motion and that the TPO case be
19
consolidated with the parties’ existing annulment case in DV25-01799.
20
When an objection to a master’s2 recommendation is filed, the court shall have the
21
discretion to determine the manner in which the master’s recommendation will be
22
reviewed. WDCR 32(1)(a).
23
A master’s findings of fact will be upheld unless they are clearly erroneous.
24
Venetian Casino Resort v. Eighth Judicial District Court, 118 Nev. 124, 41 P.3d 327
25
26
1 The Court Commissioner also addressed Applicant’s Motion for Modification; however, as Adverse
27
Applicant’s Objection pertained only to his Motion to Dissolve, only matters related to that motion will be
addressed in the present order.
28
2 The titles “Master” and “Commissioner” are herein used interchangeably.
2

---


1 (2002). The objecting party has the burden of proof. In addition, the objection shall
2 contain a notice requiring any opposing party to appear before the court department to set
3 the objection for hearing in conformance with Rule 44. WDCR 32(2). In addition, a party
4 may file and serve objection to – or a motion to adopt or modify – the master’s report and
5 recommendations no later than fourteen (14) days after the report is served. NRCP
6 53(f)(1)(A).
7 Here, Adverse Party provides no specific facts or evidence supporting the claim
8 that the commissioner’s findings are clearly erroneous. Furthermore, review of the JAVS
9 recording and the relevant motions, objection, and recommendation reveal no evidence of
10 the same. Adverse Party’s Motion to Dissolve was based solely on Applicant’s
11 incarceration. However, Applicant was no longer being incarcerated at the time of the
12 hearing. Furthermore, regarding Adverse Party’s allegations that the Commissioner erred
13 by refusing or failing to consider additional circumstances, including Applicant’s alleged
14 retaliation by way of her application for the protection order or Applicant’s alleged
15 bigamy charges, the Court finds the Commissioner did not err in this matter as neither of
16 these claims were raised in Adverse Party’s Motion to Dissolve and were raised for the
17 first time during the hearing. The claim of bigamy does not preclude entry of the
18 protection order as the parties would still qualify for relief under NRS 33.018 as such it
was appropriate for the Commissioner to decline Adverse Party’s request for dissolution
19
on grounds of alleged bigamy. Similarly, while Adverse Party asserted his belief the
20
protection order was sought as a form of retaliation, the Court Commissioner, in
21
accordance with NRS 33, was obligated to determine whether entry of a protective order
22
should issue based upon the claims presented in the Application. Although credibility is
23
always an issue, reviewing the record the Court finds no error in the Commissioner’s
24
determination that Adverse Party’s claims of retaliation warranted further time and
25
consideration at the hearing or otherwise changed the Court’s determination that entry of
26
an order in accordance with NRS 33 was appropriate. Given the foregoing, Adverse
27
Party’s Objection is hereby DENIED.
28
3

---


1 Electronic Filing Mandate
2 Pursuant to Administrative Order 2018-12 included as a courtesy copy with this
Order, all documents in this case are to be filed electronically using the Court’s e-Flex
3
program. At or before the time the parties submit their additional documentation as
outlined above, each party shall become active electronic filers or obtain an exemption as
4
required by Administrative Order 2018-12. For instructions on setting up a free electronic
5 filing account the Court encourages each party to review the material provided by the
Court at https://www.washoecourts.com/EFiling/SignUp. EACH PARTY MUST
6
REGISTER AS A EFILER OR SECURE AN EXEMPTION. FAILURE TO DO SO MAY
RESULT IN THE COURT TAKING NO FURTHER ACTIONS UNTIL THIS OBLIGATION
7
IS COMPLETE.
8
Parties are encouraged to seek the advice of a licensed attorney or utilize the online
9
resource center at https://www.washoecourts.com/ResourceCenter. Petitioners may also
10
wish to speak with a family law lawyer at no cost through the Law Library’s “Lawyer in the
11
Library” program (See https://www.washoecourts.com/lawlibrary/lawyerinlibrary).
12
IT IS SO ORDERED.
13
DATED: December 15, 2025.
14
15 DIXIE GROSSMAN
DISTRICT JUDGE
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
4

---


1 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
2 Pursuant to NRCP 5(b), I hereby certify that I am an employee of the Second
----
3 Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada, County of Washoe; that on this ______
4 day of December, 2025, I deposited for mailing, first class postage pre-paid, at Reno,
5 Nevada, a true and correct copy of the foregoing document addressed to:
6
7 --
8 CERTIFICATE OF ELECTRONIC SERVICE
December
15
9 I hereby certify that on ______ of -O---c-t-o--b--e-r-, 2025, I electronically filed the
10 foregoing with the Clerk of the Court by using the ECF system which will send a notice of
11 electronic filing to the following:
12 MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
13
DONOVAN CLARK
14
15
16
17
18
Judicial Assistant
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
5

---
