F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2025-11-18 01:52:40 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
COURT CODE:1715
Transaction # 11358375
POP PRO # 342653
1
2
3
IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
4
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
5
6
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY, Case No.: TPO25-01675
7
Applicant,
8
DEPT: DM3
vs.
9
DONOVAN CLARK,
10
Adverse Party.
11
12
EXTENDED PROTECTION ORDER AGAINST DOMESTIC VIOLENCE
13
Expiration: This order was issued by the court above on November 18, 2025 and will expire
14
on May 18, 2026 at 11:59 p.m. unless the court orders otherwise.
15
16
Protected Parties: The following persons are protected under this order:
17
Applicant: MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
18
(first) (middle) (last)
Child:
19
(first) (middle) (last) (DOB)
Child:
20
(first) (middle) (last) (DOB)
21
Child:
(first) (middle) (last) (DOB)
22
Child:
(first) (middle) (last) (DOB)
23
24
Applicant filed a verified application for protective order. The Court has jurisdiction
over this matter. See NRS 33.010, et seq. The Court finds that the above-named Adverse Party
25
received actual notice of the hearing and was given an opportunity to participate. The Court
26 finds domestic violence has occurred and/or there is a threat of domestic violence. Accordingly
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 1 of 13

---


and good cause appearing, it is the ORDER of the Court that the following orders apply to the
1
Adverse Party:
☒
2
1. YOU ARE PROHIBITED from threatening, physically injuring, or harassing the
Applicant and/or the minor child(ren) either directly or through an agent (someone acting
3
on your behalf).
4
5 ☒
2. YOU ARE PROHIBITED from selling, damaging, destroying, giving away, or
6
otherwise disposing of, or tampering with, any property owned by the Applicant, or in
which Applicant has an interest.
7
8
☒
3. YOU ARE ORDERED:
9
☐
to not contact the adult protected party at all in any way, including but not
10
limited to in person, by phone/text, by email, or through social media.
☒
to contact the adult protected party for parenting issues only by:
11
☐ ☒ ☐ ☐ ☒
text email phone calls in writing other:. It shall not
12
be a violation of this order for Adverse Party to communicate with
Applicant via email OR the Our Family Wizard Program
13
(ourfamilywizard.com) to coordinate, schedule and exercise visitation
14
or for the parties to meet at an agreed upon location for purposes of
facilitating custody exchanges.
15
16
☒
4. YOU ARE ORDERED:
17
☐
to not contact the minor children at all in any way, including but not limited to
18
in person, by phone/text, by email, or through social media.
☒ ☐ ☒ ☐ ☐
to contact the children only by: text email phone calls in writing
19
☒
other: Adverse Party’s contact and visitation with the parties’
minor child/ren will be at Applicant’s discretion as confirmed in
20
writing via email OR the Our Family Wizard Program
21
(ourfamilywizard.com) OR as ordered by a custody court of
competent jurisdiction after the date of this Order.
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 2 of 13

---


☒
5. YOU ARE ORDERED to stay 100 yards away from Applicant’s current residence
1
located at:
2
☐
CONFIDENTIAL.
3
☒
the following address:
4
5
6550 PYRAMID WAY, SPACE 37
Address
6
SPARKS, NV. WASHOE
City, State, Zip Code County
7
☒
This is a complex/property/trailer park; the entire complex/property/trailer
8
park is protected.
9
or any other place that Applicant may reside. You shall not interfere with Applicant’s
10 possession and use of the residence, including utilities, phones, leases and other
related residential services.
11
☒
6. A law enforcement officer located within the jurisdiction of the residence listed below
12
☐ ☒
shall on ONE OCCASION ONLY accompany Applicant or Adverse Party to:
13
6550 PYRAMID WAY, SPACE 37
14
Address
SPARKS, NV. WASHOE
15
City, State, Zip Code County
16
☐ ☒
and shall stand by while Applicant or Adverse Party obtains clothing, toiletries, and
17
the following additional items:
Click or tap here to enter text.
18
Any property in dispute shall remain in the residence unless it is specifically identified in
19
this order.
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 3 of 13

---


☒
7. YOU ARE ORDERED to stay 100 yards away from these place(s) of employment or
1
any other place that Applicant may be employed. YOU ARE PROHIBITED from any
2
contact whatsoever with these place(s) of employment in person, by telephone, mail, or any
other means of communication.
3
4 ☐
CONFIDENTIAL.
5
5 BELOW
6
Employer Employer
7
205 LOS ALTOS PKWY.
Address Address
8
SPARKS, NV. WASHOE
9 City, State, Zip Code County City, State, Zip Code County
10
11
12
☒
8. YOU ARE ORDERED to stay 100 yards away from the Applicant’s and/or minor
13
child(ren)’s school(s)/day care, including, but not limited to, the places listed below:
14
☐
CONFIDENTIAL.
15
16 REED HIGH SCHOOL SKY RANCH MIDDLE
School/Day Care Name School/Day Care Name
17
1200 WINDMILL FARMS PKWY.
1350 BARING BLVD.
18
Address Address
SPARKS, NV. WASHOE SPARKS, NV. WASHOE
19
City, State, Zip Code County City, State, Zip Code County
20
21
22
School/Day Care Name School/Day Care Name
23
Address Address
24
City, State, Zip Code County City, State, Zip Code County
25
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 4 of 13

---


☐
9. YOU ARE ORDERED to stay 100 yards away from the following places frequented
1
regularly by Applicant and/or the minor child(ren):
2
3
Location Name Location Name
4
Address Address
5
6
City, State, Zip Code County City, State, Zip Code County
7
8
☒
10. The court, having jurisdiction under and meeting the requirements of Chapter 125A of
9
the Nevada Revised Statutes (UCCJEA), makes the following orders concerning the
10
following minor child(ren) of the parties:
11
Child: ALEXIS CLARK 02/24/2014
12
(first) (middle) (last) (DOB)
Child:
13
(first) (middle) (last) (DOB)
Child:
14
(first) (middle) (last) (DOB)
15 Child:
(first) (middle) (last) (DOB)
16
☐
Applicant is granted temporary custody of the minor child(ren) with no visitation to
17
the Adverse Party.
☒
18 Applicant is granted temporary custody of the minor child(ren) with the following
visitation granted to the Adverse Party: Adverse Party’s visitation with the parties’
19
minor child/ren will be at Applicant’s discretion as confirmed in writing via email
20
OR the Our Family Wizard Program (ourfamilywizard.com) OR as ordered by a
custody court of competent jurisdiction after the date of this Order. It shall not
21
be a violation of this order for Adverse Party to communicate with Applicant via
22
email OR Our Family Wizard to coordinate, schedule and exercise visitation or
for the parties to meet at an agreed upon location for purposes of facilitating
23
custody exchanges.
24 ☐
Custody, visitation, and support of the minor child(ren) of the parties shall remain as
ordered in the Decree of Divorce/Order entered between the parties in case number
25
in
Click or tap here to enter text. Click or tap here to enter text.
26
County in the State of .
Click or tap here to enter text.
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 5 of 13

---


☐
1
11. YOU ARE ORDERED to pay the following amounts to the Applicant:
☐
2 Rent/mortgage payments in the amount of $
Click or tap here to enter text.
per month. This amount is to be paid to by
Click or tap here to enter text.
3
the day of every month.
Click or tap here to enter text.
4 ☐
Emergency household support in the amount of $
Click or tap here to enter
per month. This amount is to be paid to
5 text. Click or tap here to enter
by the day of every month.
text. Click or tap here to enter text.
6
☐
Child support according to the attached Child Support Addendum.
☐
Lost earnings and expenses in the amount of $
7
Click or tap here to enter
. This amount is to be paid to by
text. Click or tap here to enter text. Click
8
.
or tap here to enter text.
9 ☐
Costs and fees in the amount of $ . This
Click or tap here to enter text.
amount is to be paid to by
10 Click or tap here to enter text. Click or tap
.
here to enter text.
11
☒
12
12. YOU ARE PROHIBITED, either directly or through an agent, from physically
injuring or threatening to injure any pets/animals owned or kept by the Applicant, the
13
minor child(ren), or you.
14
☒
15
13. YOU ARE PROHIBITED, either directly or through an agent, from taking
16 possession of any pets/animals owned or kept by the Applicant or the minor child(ren).
17
18
19
20
☒
14. The following provisions and conditions are made part of this order:
21
A. APPLICANT: PRO PER VIA ZOOM, ADVERSE PARTY: PRO PER VIA ZOOM,
22
B. APPLICANT’S EX PARTE MOTION FILED ON 10/24/25 IS HEREBY GRANTED, AND
23
ADVERSE PARTY’S EX PARTE MOTION FILED ON 11/10/25 IS HEREBY DENIED.
24
C. THE PARTIES ARE DIRECTED TO SIGN UP FOR E-FILING. DIRECTIONS ARE ON THE
25
COURT’S WEBSITE AT WWW.WASHOECOURTS.COM.
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 6 of 13

---


1
2
☒
3
15. YOU ARE PROHIBITED from purchasing or otherwise acquiring a firearm while
this extended order is in effect, pursuant to NRS 33.0305. Violation of this provision is a
4
category B felony and shall be punished by imprisonment in the state prison for a minimum
5
term of not less than 1 year and a maximum term of not more than 6 years, and may be
further punished by a fine of not more than $5,000.
6
☐
7
16. YOU ARE PROHIBITED from owning a firearm or having a firearm in your
8
possession, custody, or control while this extended order is in effect, pursuant to NRS
202.360(1)(d). Violation of this provision is a category B felony and shall be punished by
9
imprisonment in the state prison for a minimum term of not less than 1 year and a
10
maximum term of not more than 6 years, and may be further punished by a fine of not more
than $5,000.
11
☐
12
17. Limited exception pursuant to NRS 33.031(3): After considering (1) whether you
have a documented history of domestic violence; (2) whether you have used or threatened
13
to use a firearm to injure or harass the Applicant, a minor child, or any other person; (3)
14
whether you have used a firearm in the commission or attempted commission of any crime,
and:
15
Click or tap here to enter text.
16
☐
YOU ARE ORDERED to ☐ surrender ☐ sell ☐ transfer all firearms in your
17
possession or under your custody or control to (transferee)
Click or tap here to
18 within 24 hours of service of this order. You must provide a receipt to
enter text.
the court from the transferee no later than 72 hours or 1 business day, whichever is
19
later, after the surrender, sale, or transfer of such firearm(s). The receipt shall include
20 the name and address of the transferee and a written description of each such firearm.
You must contact law enforcement before approaching a law enforcement officer or
21
law enforcement facility when surrendering firearm(s).
22
☐
YOU ARE GRANTED a limited employment exception from the prohibition noted
23
above because you have established that: (1) you are employed by the following
employer who requires you to use or possess a firearm as an integral part of your
24
employment:
25
Name of Employer:
26
Employer’s Representative:
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 7 of 13

---


Employer’s Address:
1
Employer’s County, City, State:
Employer’s Telephone Number:
2
3
AND (2) you will only use or possess the firearm in the course of such employment;
AND (3) your employer agrees to store/safeguard your firearm(s) when you are not
4
working, and sufficient proof to that effect has been provided to the court. You may
5
possess the following firearm(s) while you are working: (include make, model,
caliber, serial number, etc.)
6 Click or tap here to enter text.
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 8 of 13

---


VIOLATION OF THIS ORDER IS A CRIME
1
You, the Adverse Party, are notified that you can be arrested for violating this order.
2
You can be arrested even if the person who obtained this order invites or allows you to contact
him or her. You have the sole responsibility to avoid or refrain from violating the terms of this
3
order. A violation includes but is not limited to contact in the form of verbal, electronic, and
social media communications.
4
You are further notified of the penalty for violation of an order. A person who
5
intentionally violates:
(2) An extended order and:
6
(a) Who has not previously violated an extended order is guilty of a misdemeanor.
(b) Who has previously violated an extended order one time is guilty of a gross
7
misdemeanor; or
8 (c) Who has previously violated an extended order two or more times is guilty of a category
D felony and shall be punished as provided in NRS 193.130.
9
Each act that constitutes a violation of the temporary or extended order may be prosecuted as a
separate violation of the order. (NRS 33.100)
10
If you are arrested for violating this order, you will not be admitted to bail sooner than 12
11
hours after your arrest if:
12
(1) The arresting officer determines that such a violation is accompanied by a direct or
indirect threat of harm;
13
(2) You have previously violated a temporary or extended order for protection; or
(3) At the time of the violation or within 2 hours after the violation, you have:
14
(I) A concentration of alcohol of 0.08 or more in your blood or breath; or
(II) An amount of a prohibited substance in your blood or urine, as applicable, that is
15
equal to or greater than the amount set forth in subsection 3 or 4 of NRS 484C.110. (NRS
16
33.030(5)).
17
Penalty for violation of a custody order: The abduction, concealment, or detention of a
child in violation of this order is punishable as a Category D Felony as provided in NRS
18
193.130. NRS 200.359 provides that every person having a limited right of custody to a child or
19 any parent having no right of custody to the child who willfully detains, conceals or removes the
child from a parent, guardian or other person having lawful custody or a right of visitation of the
20
child in violation of an order of this court, or removes the child from the jurisdiction of the court
without the consent of either the court or all persons who have the right to custody or visitation is
21
subject to being punished for a category D felony as provided in NRS 193.130.
22
Under federal law, this protection order is valid and enforceable in all 50 states, the
23 District of Columbia, U.S. Territories, and Indian Nations (18 USC § 2265.) If you travel
across state or tribal land with the intent to injure the Applicant or violate this order and then do
24
so, you may be convicted of committing a federal crime (18 USC § 2261.) Possession, shipment,
transportation, or receipt of a firearm or ammunition while this order is in effect may constitute a
25
felony under federal law and is punishable by a fine up of up to $250,000 and/or a prison
sentence of up to ten (10) years (18 USC § 922.).
26
27 Only the court can change this order.
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 9 of 13

---


1
ORDER TO LAW ENFORCEMENT
2
(A) Any law enforcement officer who has probable cause to believe a violation of any
3 provision of this order has occurred is ordered to arrest the Adverse Party. Such party is
to be charged with a criminal violation of this order, in addition to any other criminal
4
charges that may be justified.
5 (B) If such law enforcement officer cannot verify that the Adverse Party was served with a
copy of the application and order, the officer shall inform the Adverse Party of the
6
following:
(1) the specific terms of this order;
7
(2) that the Adverse Party now has notice of the provisions of this order;
8
(3) that a violation of this order will result in the Adverse Party’s arrest;
(4) the location of the court that issued the original order and the hours during which the
9
Adverse Party can obtain a copy of this order; and
10
(5) the date and time set for a hearing on an application for an extended order, if any.
The law enforcement officer shall then provide written proof of notice to the officer’s
11
agency and to the court.
12
13
November 18, 2025
Dated:
14
15
_______________________________
Ilin Rocovits/Court Commissioner
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 10 of 13

---


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 11 of 13

---


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 12 of 13

---


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
© 2020 Nevada Supreme Court Extended Protection Order Against Domestic Violence
(Revised July 2020)
Page 13 of 13

---
