F I L E D
Electronically
TPO25-01675
2025-10-24 04:16:31 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
1 CODE: 1940
Transaction # 11316350
2
3
4
5
IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
6
OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
8
9
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
10
Applicant, Case No. TPO25-01675
11
vs. Dept. No. DM3
12
13
DONOVAN CLARK,
Adverse Party.
14
______________________________________/
15
MASTER’S FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATION FOR
16
ORDER ON EX PARTE MOTION
17
The Court has reviewed Applicant’s Ex Parte Motion filed October 24,
18
2025, and having jurisdiction over the parties enters the following:
19
It is hereby RECOMMENDED that Applicant’s request to modify
20
communication to be via parenting application rather than via text message
21
shall be addressed at the extension hearing scheduled for November 18,
22
2025, at 9:00 a.m.
23
Applicant is free to submit exhibits in support of any new allegations up
24
to three days before the hearing subject to the instructions set forth in the
25
Master’s Findings and Recommendation setting the hearing.
26
Adverse Party is admonished that communication with Applicant is only
27
allowed via text message between the parties and only related to parenting
28
matters.

---


1 In the event Adverse Party is attempt to communicate with Applicant
through the children or seeking to obtain information about the Applicant
2
through the children, such can be brought to the Court’s attention at the
3
time of the extension hearing and may be considered for purposes of
4
determining if an extension of the Protection Order is necessary.
5
All terms and provisions of the Temporary Protection Order Against
6
Domestic Violence shall remain in full force and effect pending its expiration on
7
November 17, 2025, at 11:59 p.m., or further order of the court.
8
This hearing will be conducted remotely through Zoom. Directions on how
9
to participate in the hearing are attached to this order.
10
Both parties are directed to sign up for E-Filing at www.washoecourts.com.
11
Parties without counsel are encouraged to seek the advice of a licensed
12
attorney or visit the Online Resource Center (www.washoecourts.com) . The
13 Resource Center cannot give legal advice but can give information regarding
court procedures. Parties without counsel may also wish to speak with a
14
family law lawyer at no cost through the Law Library’s “Lawyer in the Library”
15
program.
16
This Court reminds all participants to dress appropriately. The electronic
17
platform does not negate the gravity or formality of the proceedings. Protocols
18
for attending hearings via zoom are posted in Spanish and English here:
19
https://www.washoecourts.com/main/covid19response#ZoomProtocols
20
21
Dated: October 24, 2025
22
_______________________________________
Ilin Rocovits/ Court Master
23
24
25
26
Pursuant to WDCR 24(6) a party shall have 14 days from service of written
27
findings of fact and recommendations within which to file and serve an
objection. A response to an objection shall be filed and served within 7 days of
28
service of the objection. Pursuant to WDCR 31(5) in cases involving orders for

---


1 protection against domestic violence, the recommendation of the master shall
become effective upon notice to the parties, unless stayed pending review by
2
the judge. A stay of the master’s recommendation may be granted at the
request of any party to the action or upon the initiative of the court.
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28

---


1
NOTICE: YOUR UPCOMING PROCEEDING IS VIRTUAL
2
The parties are scheduled to appear before this Court for a hearing as outlined in the order
3
attached. Pursuant to ADKT 0581 (Order Adopting Recommendations Of The Commission To
4
Study Best Practices For Virtual Advocacy In Nevada’s Courts, December 22, 2023), this court
5
proceeding is presumptively virtual. The Court orders the parties to appear at the upcoming
6
proceeding via Zoom as outlined more fully below.
7
Zoom Credentials
8 To access online:
Go to www.zoom.us.
9
Click “Join a Meeting”
10
Enter the Meeting ID Code: 955 6617 9319 and Password 085143
11
If you cannot access online and need to join by phone:
12
Call into Zoom at 1-877-853-5247 or 1-888-788-0099 (both are toll free numbers.) Enter
13
the Meeting ID Code: 955 6617 9319 and Password 085143.
14
If Any Party or Witness Has Limited Ability to Use Zoom
15
Use of Zoom requires a stable internet connection and the ability to use audio and video
16
from an approved device (i.e. computer, tablet, smart phone). If any party or witness is unable to
17
access audio and video capabilities via Zoom or has any other concerns or restrictions regarding
18
use of Zoom, that party or witness may utilize Zoom from the Court’s available devices / internet
19
connection by coming to the courthouse at One South Sierra Street, Reno, Nevada twenty (20)
20
minutes prior to the hearing in order to participate in the hearing using computer equipment located
21
at the Washoe County Courthouse. If a litigant or witness intends to utilize the Court’s computer
22
equipment the person coming to the Court shall contact the Domestic Court Clerks at (775)325-
23
6626 or (775)328-3272 or via email at domestic@washoecourts.us as soon as possible to make
24
arrangements with the Court to participate in the proceeding using computer equipment located at
25
the Washoe County courthouse.
26
Absent prior order of the Court, each party shall file a notice of witnesses and/or exhibits
27
identifying all witnesses the party intends to call at the hearing and/or attaching copies of all
28
documentary exhibits the party intends to present at the hearing as soon as possible but not less

---


1
than 3 days prior to the hearing. Applicant’s exhibits should be marked in alphabetical sequence
2
(A, B, C…) and Adverse Party’s exhibits should be marked in numerical sequence (1, 2, 3…). In
3
the event a party wishes to present an exhibit which consists of an audio or audiovisual media file,
4
in addition to filing the exhibit, the offering party must also serve the other party with a copy of
5
the media file in a viewable format and be prepared to play the file through their device using the
6
screen sharing function of the zoom program at the time of the hearing. Any witness or exhibits
7
not properly disclosed as described above may not be offered/admitted at the evidentiary
8
hearing absent agreement of the parties or Order of the Court. Complying with the foregoing
9
notice requirements shall not waive a party’s ability to object to any such document, nor does such
10
filing mean the document is evidence until it is admitted by the Court.
11
Any witness for the evidentiary hearing shall appear by Zoom (using both video and audio).
12
Witnesses shall not be in the same location with a party, nor may they be in the same location as
13
another witness. Witnesses may appear from either party’s attorney’s office or from the Washoe
14
County courthouse so long as the witness(es) are sequestered from each party and other witnesses
15
during the evidentiary hearing. Each party is responsible for ensuring his/her witness has the Zoom
16
login credentials prior to the hearing.
17
Hearings are set for 15-20 minutes on a stacked calendar which means multiple hearings
18
may be scheduled for the same time. Parties must appear on time to be checked in but should be
19 prepared to wait up to an hour or more for their matter to be called. The Court utilizes best efforts
20 to hear each matter within the hour for which it was scheduled, but in extreme circumstances,
21 longer delays may occur. Parties are encouraged to plan their schedules accordingly. Parties who
22 do not believe their presentation of evidence can be accomplished within the 15-20 minutes
23 allotted may file a motion seeking a longer hearing identifying their bases for the request. If the
24 Court calendar will allow, the hearing may be rescheduled to a different date for up to 1 hour.
25 If either party fails to appear or participate at the evidentiary hearing this Court may
nonetheless proceed with the hearing and/or may make orders adverse to that party’s
26
interests including, but not limited to, final orders on contested issues.
27
28

---


1
CERTIFICATE OF MAILING OR ELECTRONIC SERVICE
2
Pursuant to NRCP 5(b), I certify that I am an employee of the Second
3
Judicial District Court, and that on this date, I deposited for mailing or
4
5
submitted to the court’s electronic filing system, the foregoing document as
6
follows:
7
MAILING:
8
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
6550 PYRAMID WAY, #37
9
SPARKS, NV. 89436
10
11
*Courtesy copy sent to Applicant’s email address.
12
13 DATED: October 24, 2025
_______________________________
14
Court Clerk
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28

---
