F I L E D
Electronically
DV25-01799
2025-12-02 12:06:47 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
Transaction # 11380064 : adixon
Code:
3866
I
Name:
2
Address:
3
lephone
e
t
Email: ilen) nctT< P or*
4tnct)|,
s.tr-neffi
4
5
6
IN THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
z{-
8
olzql
CI^"V
D)n.,un,n No. [)u/
Case
9 Plaintiff / Petitioner,
Dept. No
l0
VS
ll
Defendant / Respondent
12
l3
w
AND D RATI
l4
Mil^€(.*v
MPo,"".
I, declare that pursuant to
l5
J
(Print Your ame)
t6 NRS 12.015,I am requesting permission from this Court to proceed without paying court costs or
17 other costs and fees because I cannot afford to pay such expenses.
l8
A.
l9
Monthly Benefi ts Received:
20
Check each box that applies to you. You may need to check more than one box
2l
If you are not receiving any of the benefits listed, proceed to section B.
22
!
I receive benefits from one or more of the following programs (please check all that apply):
z)
! ! !
Supplemental Security Income (SSI); Food Stamps; Temporary Assistance for Needy
24
E E
Families (TANF); Medicaid; Subsidized Housing through Reno Housing Authority;
25
E E
Ctient of Legal Services; Other State or Federal Program of Assistance
26
27
(Name of Program)
28
REV06/202I ER APPLICATION TO WAIVE FEES AND COSTS

---


B
I
Monthlv Monev Earned and Received:
2
fill
Check each box that applies to you and in the information requested
J
You may need to check more than one box.
4
is$
fl . l)
I am working and my hourly wage l? I work hours per week.
5
I
6 t am not paid by the hour; I receive a salary in the following amount:
oR$
7 per year per month.
$
8 !
I receive commissions or tips each month in the following amount
$
9
I receive unemployment benefits each week in the following amount
$
l0
I receive veterans or social security benefits (retirement, disability,
lt
amount:
widowhood, dependents, or survivor) each month in the following $
t2
ffi
I receive child support, spousal support, or alimony each month in the
l3
l4 following amount: $ 3oo
!
l5 amount:
I receive pension or annuity payments each month in the following
$
t6
!
I receive other sources of income (such as rent, military basic allowance for
l7
(BAQ),
quarters veterans payments, annuities, or trust payments) each month
l8
in the following amount: s
l9
I
t am not employed at the present time and am not receiving any kind of income or benefits.
20
(lf
you have checked this box, please explain how you are meeting your basic living needs.
2\
For example, are you living with others who are helping to support you, are you in a homeless
22
23 shelter, or are you meeting your needs in other ways?) Please explain here:
24
25
26
27
If
more room is needed, attach additional sheets
28
2
REV 06/202I ER APPLICATION TO WAIVE FEES AND COSTS

---


C
I
Total Monthlv
Expenses:
2
Fill
in the requested information.
J
4
$
bty
Rent or Mortgage
5
$
Phone, gas, electricity and other utilities <-3o
6
sfq
Food
7
8
Childcare
$
9
Insurance
$
l0
Medical
$
ll
3oq
Transportation
$
t2
Other: s
l3
lttl
$
t4 Total Expenses Per Month
l5
r6
D
t7
l8 List of Assets and Their Value:
t9 fill
Check each box that applies to you and in the information requested.
20
You may need to check more than one box.
2t
worth?
!
22 Motor Vehicle(s) What is it Amount owed.
ss
23
(Print the Year, Make, and Model)
24
$ $
25
(Print the Year, Make, and Model)
26
B I not own Motor Vehicle
Ao a
27
28
J
REV06/202I ER APPLICATION TO WAIVE FEES AND COSTS

---


I worth?
What is it Amount owed.
!
Home or Real Estate other than where you live:
2
$ s
3
I t
4 ao not own a Home or RealEstate
!
5
Accounts or Other Personal Proper-ty (saving, checking, stocks, bonds, investments, retirement,
6
jewelry,
furs, furniture, etc.). Please write it here:
7 $s
8
s $
9
l0 E
I
have cash in the amount of:
$
ll
l2
E.
People Who Live in Your Home:
l3
Include only your spouse, children, and other people in the home who you help to
t4
you.
support or who help to support When listing children please include only their
l5
initials rather than their first and last names. If a person helps support you, list the
l6
t7 amount of money they contribute each month.
l8
Age
Name Relationship Gross Monthly
l9
Contribution
$
tb
Lht\d
20 (l) du
u/n
tU
(^,\^rE (l ch Nl+
2t
(2) Atnx,<
s
22
(3)
$
z)
(4)
$
24
(s)
s
25
(6)
$
26
(7)
$
27
(8)
$
28
If
more room is needed, attach additional sheets.
4
REV 06/202 I ER APPLICATIoN To wAIVE FEES AND CoSTS

---


F
I
If there is additional information you believe the Court should consider, write it here:
2 l',^lo
C\n I
J
iFic t
o A \
e
4
6.n l€
^
5
II (s
A o*cho\)
inc
<-
e h
oC
6
e_
{
a^.h, kr
e A
7
I
lw
+ \-
e(
8
t
qn
+h/^V .
9 Lc^ n CiO\
Fhs
l0 c)
o
{\ f.'1,-.',
i
ll
\h l,I
lo.
u :L
t.,
V A^ a\o
O
t
t2
\ 1,"
eLa 5<,; o
l3
If
more room is needed, attach additional sheets.
t4
l5
This document does not contain the personal information of any person as defined by
t6
NRS 6034.040.
t7
I declare under penalty of perjury under the law of the State of Nevada that the foregoing
l8
is true and correct.
l9
20 zlz(
l?l
ourr, Your
Signature:
2t
[^t(o({e*1t
Mler^^
Print Your Name:
22 U=-
23
24
25
26
27
28
REV 06/202 I ER 5 APPLICATION TO WAIVE FEES AND COSTS

---


.L
-{-:
L \^4
?.
|h;5
Fe.S i\h CxtL
ia,!e,/
aN a,55rt
c
2
1,".1
)
4
5
6
7
8
9
l0
ll
t2
l3
t4
l5
l6
l7
t8
l9
20
2t
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
Page Number

---
