F I L E D
Electronically
DV25-01799
2025-11-21 07:55:17 AM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
1
Transaction # 11364623
2
3
4
5
IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
6
OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
8
DONOVAN CLARK,
9
Plaintiff,
10
Case No. DV25-01799
vs.
11
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
Dept. No. 2
12
Defendant.
13
_____________________________/
14
ORDER DENYING EX PARTE MOTION FOR AN ORDER SHORTENING TIME
15
On November 19, 2025, Donovan Clark (“Mr. Clark”) filed an Ex Parte Motion for
16
Order Shortening Time to Respond to Motion or Request (“Ex Parte Motion”). On
17
November 20, 2025, Mr. Clark filed a Motion for Temporary Custody and Visitation and
18
a Complaint for Annulment or in the Alternative Divorce and UCCJEA Declaration
19
(With Children) (“Petition”). On November 20, 2025, Mr. Clark submitted his Ex Parte
20
Motion for consideration. The Court now finds and orders as follows.
21
In his Ex Parte Motion, Mr. Clark requests Megan McCafferty’s (“Ms. McCafferty”)
22
time to respond to his Motion for Temporary Custody and Visitation (“Motion for
23
Custody”) be shortened to November 27, 2025 – mere days after filing his motion with no
24
evidence that Mr. Clark has yet served Ms. McCafferty with the Summons, Petition or
25
other papers filed in this action triggering her 21 day period to make her first appearance
26
in this action. Mr. Clark believes an emergency exists because Ms. McCafferty is allegedly
27
denying Mr. Clark any meaningful visitation with the minor children by way of a
28
Temporary Protection Order (“TPO”).
1

---


1 Consistent with DCR 13(1), a party requesting relief must generally serve the
2 opposing party with a copy of his or her motion, attaching proof of service. Service of the
3 motion is required so that courts cannot infringe on an individual’s rights without notice.
4 Ex Parte Motions are generally disfavored because the opposing party is not provided
5 with notice and this Court is unable to hear both sides of the issue prior to rendering a
6 decision. “A party must be given reasonable advance notice of an issue to be raised and
7 an opportunity to respond.” Anastassatos v. Anastassatos, 112 Nev. 317, 320, 913 P.2d
8 652, 653 (1996).
9 WDCR 43(1)(a) requires a party seeking an ex parte order to “…give reasonable
10 notice to the opposing party…” Pursuant to WDCR 43(2)(a), ex parte orders may be
11 granted without notice when “…notice would frustrate the very purpose of the order or
12 cause the party or child to suffer immediate and irreparable injury.” WDCR 43(2)(b)(4)
13 also allows for the issuance of ex parte orders “When a child’s health and safety is in
danger…”
14
In addition, pursuant to WDCR 11(3), for good cause, the Court may make an ex
15
parte order shortening time.
16
Mr. Clark initiated this case by way of a Petition for Annulment the same day he
17
submitted his request for emergency relief. Ms. McCafferty has not yet been served with
18
either the Motion for Custody nor the Petition for Annulment. As such Ms. McCafferty’s
19
twenty-one day period for making her first appearance has not yet commenced.
20
Mr. Clark provides no facts or legal analysis supporting his request for emergency
21
relief in accordance with WDCR 11 reducing Ms. McCafferty’s time for her first
22
appearance so substantially. His general blanket allegations that Ms. McCafferty is
23
withholding the minor children by unilaterally imposing terms not included in the TPO is
24
insufficient to warrant the relief requested. As such, the Court finds no grounds to shorten
25
Ms. McCafferty’s time to enter her first appearance and her time to respond to Mr. Clark’s
26
Motion for Custody (as Ms. McCafferty’s time for her first appearance has not yet expired,
27
Ms. McCafferty has 21 days from service of the Petition to file her Answer and any other
28
2

---


1 responsive papers including but not limited to any opposition to Mr. Clark’s Motion).
2 Based on the foregoing, Mr. Clark’s Ex Parte Motion is hereby DENIED.
3 Mr. Clark is ordered to personally serve Ms. McCafferty with the Petition;
4 Summons; Motion for Custody; Ex Parte Motion; and this Order, and file proof of the
5 same. Mr. Clark is also strongly encouraged to set this action for a case management
6 conference to address interim orders including interim custody and visitation in
7 accordance with NRCP 16.2 / NRCP 16.205 and serve Ms. McCafferty with Notice of Case
8 Management Conference.
9 Parties are encouraged to seek the advice of a licensed attorney or utilize the online
10 resource center at https://www.washoecourts.com/ResourceCenter. Petitioners may also
11 wish to speak with a family law lawyer at no cost through the Law Library’s “Lawyer in the
12 Library” program (See https://www.washoecourts.com/lawlibrary/lawyerinlibrary).
13 IT IS SO ORDERED.
DATED: November 20, 2025.
14
15
16
DIXIE GROSSMAN
DISTRICT JUDGE
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
3

---


1 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
2 Pursuant to NRCP 5(b), I hereby certify that I am an employee of the Second
---
3 Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada, County of Washoe; that on this ______
4 day of November, 2025, I deposited for mailing, first class postage pre-paid, at Reno,
5 Nevada, a true and correct copy of the foregoing document addressed to:
6
7
CERTIFICATE OF ELECTRONIC SERVICE
8
21st
I hereby certify that on ______ of November, 2025, I electronically filed the
9
foregoing with the Clerk of the Court by using the ECF system which will send a notice of
10
electronic filing to the following:
11
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
12
13 DONOVAN CLARK
14
15
COURT CLERK
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
4

---
