F I L E D
Electronically
DV25-01799
2025-11-19 03:17:04 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Code: 3866 Clerk of the Court
I
Transaction # 11361211 : yviloria
Name: DONOVAN CLARK
2
Address: 2930 BOBBY DR
RENO NV 89502
J
Telephone
7754477973
:
Email cLARKDoNovAN8sadGMAIL.coM
4
Litigant
Self-Represented
5
6
IN THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT C'OURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
8
DONOVANCLARK
Case No.
,
I
Poiti*..,
Dept. No
l0
vs.
ll
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
Defendant / Respondent.
l2
-Pluirrtiff/
l3
NT
TI D
t4
aRx
I, noNovRN ct declare that pursuant to
,
l5
(Print Your Name)
l6 NRS 12.015, I am requesting permission from this Court to proceed without paying court costs or
t7 other costs and fees because I cannot afflord to pay such expenses.
t8
A.
l9
Monthlv Benefits Received:
20
Check each box that applies to you. You may need to check more than one box
2t
If
you are not receiving any of the benefits listed. proceed to section B.
22
I
I receive benefits from one or more of the fbllowing programs (please check all that apply):
23
! ! !
Supplemental Security Income (SSI); Food Stamps; Temporary Assistance for Needy
24
! E
Families (TANF); Vedicaid; Subsidized Housing through Reno Housing Authority;
25
E !
Client of Legal Services; Other State or Federal Program of Assistance
26
27
(Name of Program)
28
[R
RHV 06/202| I APPI-ICAI-ION TO WAIVE FEES AND ('oSTS

---


B
I
Monthly Monev Earned and Received:
2
fill
Check each box that applies to you and in the information requested.
J
You may need to check more than one box.
4
$_.
E
I urn working and my hourly wage is I work hours per week.
5
!
t am not paid by the hour; I receive a salary in the following amount:
6
oRs
7 per year per month.
$
8
!
I receive commissions or tips each month in the following amount:
$
9
!
I receive unemployment benefits each week in the following amount:
$
l0
I
I receive veterans or social security benefits (retirement, disability,
ll
widowhood, dependents, or survivor) each month in the following amount: a:oo
$
t2
!
I receive child support, spousal support, or alimony each month in the
l3
l4 following amount: s
l5 !
I receive pension or annuity payments each month in the tbllowing amount:
$
r6
!
I receive other sources of income (such as rent, military basic allowance for
l7
quarters (BAQ), veterans payments, annuities. or ffust payments) each month
amount: $_
in the following
t9
!
t am not employed at the present time and am not receiving any kind of income or benefits.
20
(lf
you have checked this box, please explain how you are meeting your basic living needs.
2t
For example, are you living with others who are helping to support you, are you in homeless
a
22
23 shelter, or are you meeting your needs in other ways?) Please explain here:
24
25
26
27
If
more room is needed, attach additional sheets
28
2
RIiV 06/202 I trR AI']PLI('Al'l()N'lO WAIVti FEES n ND COS'|S

---


C
Total Monthlv
Expenses:
Fill
in the requested information.
$
Rent or Mortgage 7s0
$
Phone, gas, electricity and other utilities
ooo
$
Food 800
s
Childcare 300
$
Insurance 300
$
Medical
3oo
$
Transportation 8oo
GAS $
Q1hs1. 4oo
$
Total Expenses Per Month 4200
D
List of Assets and Their Value:
fill
Check each box that applies to you and in the information requested.
You may need to check more than one box.
I
Motor Vehicle(s) What is it worth? Amount owed.
2O2O CHEVY TRAILBLAZER l s000 $ 2s000
$
(Print the Year, Make, and Model)
$ $
(Print the Year, Make, and Model)
!
t ao not own Motor Vehicle
a
J
REV 06/202I ER APPI,ICATION TO WAIVE FEES AND COSTS

---


What is it worth? Amount owed.
!
Home or Real Estate other than where you live:
$ $
I
t ao not own a Home or Real Estate
I
Accounts or Other Personal Property (saving, checking, stocks, bonds, investments, retirement,
jewelry,
furs, furniture, etc.). Please write it here:
HOME
$7s00
MANUFACTURED
$0
$ $
I
I have cash in the amount of:
$
E.
Peorrle Who Live in Your Home:
Include only your spouse, children, and other people in the home who you help to
you.
support or who help to support When listing children please include only their
initials rather than their first and last names. If a person helps support you, list the
amount of money they contribute each month
Age
Name Relationship Gross Monthly
Contribution
(l)
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY WIFE
34
$o
ll
(2) ALEXIS CLARK CHILD
$o
(3) EVAKAY BALDES l6 CHII-D
$o
(4)
$
(s)
s
(6)
$
(7)
$
(8)
$
If
more room is needed, attach additional
sheets.
4
REV 06/202 I ER AppLICATIoN To wArvE FEES AND cosrs

---


F.
I If there is additional information you believe the Court should consider, write it here:
2
l. Veteran Status & Fixed Income: I am a 1007o service-connected disabled veteran. My sole
3
income is my VA disabiliry payments, which barely cover my basic living expenses.
4
2. HomelessnessiDisplacement: I was forced out of my residence on October 10,2025, due to the
5
Adverse Parry filing a TPO. I am currently displaced and staying with friends ("couch surfing") because I
6
cannot afford a separate residence and the Adverse Party has possession of the marital home
7
3. Lack of Access to Assets: The Adverse Party has control of the marital residence and our shared
8
9
household items. I have no savings or liquid assets to pay these court fees
r0
4. Necessity: I am filing this case to establish custody of my lwo minor children and annul a void
il
marriage. Requiring me to pay filing fees would effectively bar me from the legal system and prevent me
t2
from protecting my children.
If
more room is needed. attach additional sheets
l4
l5
This document does not contain the personal information of any person as defined by
l6
NRS 6034..040.
l7
I declare under penalty of perjury under the law of the State of Nevada that the foregoing
t8
is true and correct.
l9
20
Date:11192025 Your Signature:
2t
DONOVAN CLARK
Print Your Name
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
5
REV 06/2021 ER APPLICATION TO WAIVT] FEES AND COSTS

---
