F I L E D
Electronically
DV25-01799
1 CODE: 2697
2026-02-23 12:13:17 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
2
Clerk of the Court
Transaction # 11532065
3
4
5
6 IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
7 OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
8 IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
9
10 DONOVAN CLARK,
11 Plaintiff, CASE NO. DV25-01799
12 vs. DEPT NO. 2
13 MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
14 Defendant.
15 __________________ /
16 O A C M C ; O C
RDER FTER ASE ANAGEMENT ONFERENCE RDER ONTINUING
17 The parties appeared before the Court via simultaneous audio-visual equipment
18 (Zoom) for a Case Management Conference on February 20, 2026.1 Plaintiff, Donovan
19 Clark, (“Husband”) appears in this action, representing himself. Defendant, Megan
20 McCafferty, (“Wife”), appears in this action, representing herself. The Court and all
21 participants appeared via simultaneous audiovisual transmission (Zoom). Judge
22 Grossman was physically located in Reno, Washoe County, Nevada, which was the site of
23 the Court session. Counsel/Parties acknowledged receipt of Notice that the hearing was
24 taking place pursuant to Nevada Supreme Court Rules- Part 9 relating to simultaneous
25 audiovisual transmissions and all counsel/parties stated they had no objection to going
26 forward in this matter.
27 The Court attempted to utilize Zoom (simultaneous audio visual transmission) for
28 the hearing however the parties, (primarily Donovan Clark) were unable or unwilling to
comport themselves in a manner allowing the Court to conduct the hearing. The parties
1 Prior to the CMC the Court issued a written notice that the hearing would take place via simultaneous
audio-visual equipment by way of the Zoom application. At the beginning of the hearing the Court asked
the participants if they had any objection to proceeding using Zoom. No objection was made.
1

---


1 spoke over each other and the Court, and Donovan Clark failed to comply with repeated
2 admonishments from the Court leaving the Court unable to hear answers to questions
3 asked and unable to move through the issues in any effective manner or make orders
4 without interruption. Based upon such conduct, the Court concluded the hearing by Zoom
5 and directed the parties to appear before the Court for proceedings IN PERSON.
6 The parties shall appear for a continued case management conference on
7 February 27, 2026, at 1:30 p.m. IN-PERSON. The hearing will be held in the
8 Department Two Courtroom, on the third floor/Family Division, in the Second Judicial
9 District Court located at 1 South Sierra Street.
10
WARNING / NOTICE TO EACH PARTY. Should either party fail to
appear at any future proceeding, including but not limited to any hearing,
11
settlement conference, trial, the Court may make final orders against the
12
absent party’s interest regarding any and/or all outstanding matters in this
case.
13
Parties are encouraged to seek the advice of a licensed attorney or utilize the online
14
resource center at www.washoecourts.com/ResourceCenter. Parties may also wish to
15 speak with a family law lawyer at no cost through the Law Library’s “Lawyer in the
Library” program (See www.washoecourts.com/lawlibrary/lawyerinlibrary).
16
17
IT IS SO ORDERED.
18 Dated this 23 of February 2026.
19
20
___________________________
21
DIXIE GROSSMAN
DISTRICT JUDGE
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
2

---


1
2
CERTIFICATE OF MAILING
3
Pursuant to NRCP 5(b), I certify that I am an employee of the Second Judicial
4
District Court, and that on the ______ day of February, 2026, I deposited for mailing,
5
first class postage pre-paid, at Reno, Nevada, a true and correct copy of the foregoing
6
document addressed to:
7
8
9
CERTIFICATE OF ELECTRONIC SERVICE
10
23rd
I hereby certify that on _______ of February, 2026, I electronically filed the
11
foregoing with the Clerk of the Court by using the ECF system which will send a notice of
12
electronic filing to the following:
13
Donovan Clark
14
Megan McCafferty
15
16
COURT CLERK
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
3

---
