F I L E D
Electronically
DV25-01799
2026-01-13 10:48:43 AM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
Transaction # 11452694 : acanning
Exhibit Cover Page
1
EXHIBIT NUMBER ______

---


Restitution Packet
Defendant’s Name:Megan Mccafferty
District Court File Number: DV25-01799
District Attorney Case Number: CR25-3109
Victim Name:Donovan Clark
Victim Address:2930 Bobby Dr. Reno NV 89502
Daytime Phone number: 775 447 7973
I, _Donovan Clark, am a victim (or representative of the victim) in this case and I wish to
make a claim for restitution.
PROPERTY DAMAGED
Amount Description of Loss Repair/Replacement Lost
$500 Security/Re-Key
$
PROPERTY STOLEN
Amount Fair Market Value Description of Loss Itemrecovered
$198000.00 $198000.00 Housing Theft By Fraud 11yrs
$16500.00 $16500.00 Utilites Theft (11yrs) See Attachment A
$5000.00 $5000.00 Void Ceremony Costs(Bigamy) See Attachment
MEDICAL EXPENSES
Amount Description of expense
$
$
OTHER
Amount Description of expense
$
Please check here if additional sheets are attached: x
OTHER INFORMATION
I do not have insurance coverage.
x I do have insurance coverage or partial coverage.
Insurance company: Veterans Affiars
Policy Number:

---


Telephone Number:
Deductible:
(IF NEEDED) I do have insurance coverage or partial coverage.
Insurance company:
Policy Number:
Telephone Number:
Deductible:
(IF NEEDED) I do have insurance coverage or partial coverage.
Insurance company:
Policy Number:
Telephone Number:
Deductible:
I have a pending claim with Nevada Victims Of Crime.
Restitution is determined by the judge and any documents you submit. It will help the
Washoe County District Attorney’s Office represent and prove your request for restitution to
the judge if you provide supporting documentation for all items listed.
Please attach all supporting documentation, including: medical bills, purchase receipts,
repair or replacement receipts, copies of cancelled checks, insurance claim forms, and/or
estimates for repairs. If the above list includes collectibles such as coins, stamps, etc.,
verification of value by a licensed dealer or appraiser should be attached. If you do not have
supporting documentation, please explain how the amount of loss was determined.
Please return to this form to the Washoe County District Attorney’s Office at 1 South Sierra
Street Reno, NV 89502, e-mail the form to victiminfo@da.washoecounty.us, or fax to
775-321-4328.

---
