F I L E D
Electronically
DV25-01799
2025-12-02 02:49:40 PM
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
1
Transaction # 11380921
2
3
4
5
IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
6
OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
7
IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
8
DONOVAN CLARK,
9
Plaintiff,
10
Case No. DV25-01799
vs.
11
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY,
Dept. No. 2
12
Defendant.
13
_____________________________/
14
ORDER DENYING EX PARTE MOTION FOR AN ORDER SHORTENING TIME
15
On November 27, 2025, Donovan Clark (“Mr. Clark”) filed an Ex Parte Motion for
16
Order Shortening Time to Respond to Motion or Request (“Ex Parte Motion”). The Court
17
now finds and orders as follows.
18
On November 19, 2025, Mr. Clark filed an Ex Parte Motion for Order Shortening
19
Time to Respond to Motion or Request, requesting that Megan McCafferty’s (“Ms.
20
McCafferty”) time to respond to his Motion for Temporary Custody and Visitation be
21
shortened from December 11, 2025, to November 27, 2025. On November 20, 2025, Mr.
22
Clark filed a Motion for Temporary Custody and Visitation (“Motion for Custody”) and a
23
Complaint for Annulment or in the Alternative Divorce and UCCJEA Declaration (With
24
Children) (“Complaint”).
25
On November 21, 2025, this Court entered an Order Denying Ex Parte Motion for
26
an Order Shortening Time, denying Mr. Clark’s motion to shorten Ms. McCafferty’s time
27
to respond based on his failure to provide facts or legal analysis in support of his request
28
for emergency relief. Furthermore, the Court ordered Mr. Clark to personally serve Ms.
1

---


1 McCafferty with the Complaint, Summons, Motion for Custody, Ex Parte Motion, and the
2 Order Denying, and to file proof of the same. Mr. Clark was also strongly encouraged to
3 set the action for a case management conference.
4 As of the date of this order, Mr. Clark has not yet served Ms. McCafferty with the
5 initial complaint and summons, much less his Motion for Custody. Review of the record
6 further indicates Mr. Clark has not yet set a case management conference in this matter.
7 In his Ex Parte Motion, Mr. Clark requests Ms. McCafferty’s time to respond to his
8 Motion for Custody be shortened from December 13, 2025, to December 10, 2025.
9 Attached to his Ex Parte Motion are other filings including a filing requesting several
10 additional requests for relief including but not limited to claims for which Plaintiff
11 provides no legal basis in direct violation of District Court Rule (DCR) 13 and Washoe
12 District Court Rule (WDCR) 12 including but not limited to a wholly unsupported request
13 for entry of injunctive relief / orders prohibiting cohabitation, as well as claims related to
mandatory property maintenance, liability for waste and destruction, allocation of
14
household expenses, and a statement – for some unspecified reason – asserting his
15
compliance with court orders entered in a completely different case (TPO25-01675) is
16
involuntary and under duress. Mr. Clark further attaches a Supplemental Declaration of
17
Donovan Clark Regarding Financial Waste, Property Destruction, and Parental
18
Unfitness (“Supplemental Declaration”) in which he alleges he is responding to
19
allegations (despite no initial filing by Megan McCafferty in this action) outlines several
20
allegations against Ms. McCafferty, including falsification of identity, destruction of
21
property, and rebuttals to allegations of sexual misconduct.1
22
Consistent with DCR 13(1), a party requesting relief must generally serve the
23
opposing party with a copy of his or her motion, attaching proof of service. Service of the
24
motion is required so that courts cannot infringe on an individual’s rights without notice.
25
Ex Parte Motions are generally disfavored because the opposing party is not provided
26
27
28
1 The Court notes Ms. McCafferty has not yet appeared, much less filed anything in this matter. As such, there
is nothing for Mr. Clark to rebut.
2

---


1 with notice and this Court is unable to hear both sides of the issue prior to rendering a
2 decision. “A party must be given reasonable advance notice of an issue to be raised and
3 an opportunity to respond.” Anastassatos v. Anastassatos, 112 Nev. 317, 320, 913 P.2d
4 652, 653 (1996).
5 WDCR 43(1)(a) requires a party seeking an ex parte order to “…give reasonable
6 notice to the opposing party…” Pursuant to WDCR 43(2)(a), ex parte orders may be
7 granted without notice when “…notice would frustrate the very purpose of the order or
8 cause the party or child to suffer immediate and irreparable injury.” WDCR 43(2)(b)(4)
9 also allows for the issuance of ex parte orders “When a child’s health and safety is in
10 danger…”
11 In addition, pursuant to WDCR 11(3), for good cause, the Court may make an ex
12 parte order shortening time.
13 Once again, Mr. Clark provides no grounds for an order shortening Ms.
McCafferty’s time to respond in this action. Once again, Mr. Clark has also failed to file
14
proof of service in accordance with NRCP 4 and has still failed to secure a case
15
management conference hearing date and provide Ms. McCafferty notice of such filings
16
and proceedings. Furthermore, Mr. Clark provides no legal authority or facts warranting
17
any of the additional relief requested. To the extent he disagrees with the issuance of the
18
TPO or the terms included therein, he must seek relief in that case. Request for relief
19
related to the TPO is not appropriate in this case nor is filing documents captioned for the
20
TPO case. As to the issue of waste, this is claim is addressed by way of a trial only if
21
adequate evidence in support of the claim is presented. Such a claim is not addressed by
22
motion, much less without legal and factual support and notice to Ms. McCafferty. As to
23
Mr. Clark’s Supplemental Declaration, this is a fugitive document filed without leave and
24
with no legal basis. Mr. Clark may not file supplements without leave of court. He must
25
also comply with the local rules, including rules related to personal service. Mr. Clark is
26
encouraged to use the self-help or resource center located within the courthouse.
27
28
3

---


1 Given the foregoing, Mr. Clark’s Ex Parte Motion is hereby DENIED. Mr. Clark
2 MUST serve Ms. McCafferty with at least the Complaint and Summons in this case. Mr.
3 Clark must also contact the judicial assistant for Department 2 and set a Case
4 Management Conference. Mr. Clark must allow at least twenty-one (21) days between
5 service and the date of the Case Management Conference, to afford Ms. McCafferty
6 sufficient time to file an answer to the Complaint.
7 Mr. Clark is also admonished and warned that his continued waste of this Court’s
8 limited judicial resources filing inappropriate documents, repeatedly seeking relief
9 without legal and/or factual basis – particularly when the repeated requests are made
10 without evidence that he complied with prior court order, and filings appearing to have no
11 legitimate basis or purpose, will result in this Court imposing sanctions against Mr. Clark.
12 Parties are encouraged to seek the advice of a licensed attorney or utilize the online
13 resource center at https://www.washoecourts.com/ResourceCenter. Petitioners may also
wish to speak with a family law lawyer at no cost through the Law Library’s “Lawyer in the
14
Library” program (See https://www.washoecourts.com/lawlibrary/lawyerinlibrary).
15
IT IS SO ORDERED.
16
DATED: December 2, 2025.
17
18
19
DIXIE GROSSMAN
DISTRICT JUDGE
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
4

---


1 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
2 Pursuant to NRCP 5(b), I hereby certify that I am an employee of the Second
---
3 Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada, County of Washoe; that on this ______
4 day of December, 2025, I deposited for mailing, first class postage pre-paid, at Reno,
5 Nevada, a true and correct copy of the foregoing document addressed to:
6
7
CERTIFICATE OF ELECTRONIC SERVICE
8
2nd
I hereby certify that on ______ of December, 2025, I electronically filed the
9
foregoing with the Clerk of the Court by using the ECF system which will send a notice of
10
electronic filing to the following:
11
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY
12
13 DONOVAN CLARK
14
15
COURT CLERK
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
5

---
