F I L E D
Electronically
DV25-01799
MISC
2026-01-20 06:00:08 PM
Name: _D_o_n_o_v_a_n_ C__la_r_k______________
Alicia L. Lerud
Clerk of the Court
Address: _2_9_3_0_ B__o_b_b_y_ D_r____________
Transaction # 11466304
_R_e_n_o_, _N_V__ 8_9_5_0_2__________________
Phone: _7_7_5_-4_4_7_-_7_9_7_3______________
Email: _c_la_r_k_d_o_n_o_v_a_n_8_5_@_g_m__a_il_.c_o_m____
Attorney for _S_E_L_F_________________
Nevada State Bar No. ______________
Second Judicial District Court
Washoe County, Nevada
Donovan Clark DV25-01799
Case No.
Plaintiff / Petitioner,
DM2
vs. Dept.
Megan Mccafferty
Defendant / Respondent.
GENERAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE FORM
A. Personal Information:
1. What is your full name? (first, middle, last) _D_o_n_o_v_a_n_ C__la_r_k__________________________________
2. How old are you? _4_0__________________________
3. What is your date of birth? _0_3_/2_0_/_1_9_8_5____________
4. What is your highest level of education? _B_a_c_h_e_lo_r_'s_ I_n_ G__a_m_e_ _D_e_s_ig_n__________________________
B. Employment Information:
1. Are you currently employed/ self-employed? ( check one)
 No
4
 Yes If yes, complete the table below. Attached an additional page if needed.
Date of Hire Employer Name Job Title Work Schedule Work Schedule
(days) (shift times)
2. Are you disabled? ( check one)
 No
 Yes If yes, what is your level of disability? 100%
4
What agency certified you disabled? V eterans Administation
What is the nature of your disability? M ental/Physical
C. Prior Employment: If you are unemployed or have been working at your current job for less than 2
years, complete the following information.
Sparks Electric April 2021
Prior Employer: __________________________________ Date of Hire: _______________________
January 2023 Rehab
Date of Termination: ____________________ Reason for Leaving: ___________________________
Page 1 of 7

| Donovan Clark
Plaintiff / Petitioner,
vs.
Megan Mccafferty
Defendant / Respondent. | DV25-01799
Case No.
DM2
Dept. |
|---|---|


| Date of Hire | Employer Name | Job Title | Work Schedule
(days) | Work Schedule
(shift times) |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |


---


---


D. Monthly Deductions
Type of Deduction Amount
1. Court Ordered Child Support (automatically deducted from paycheck)
0
2. Federal Health Savings Plan
0
3. Federal Income Tax
Amount for you: 0
4. Health Insurance For Opposing Party: 0 0
For your Child(ren):00
0
5. Life, Disability, or Other Insurance Premiums
0
6. Medicare
0
7. Retirement, Pension, IRA, or 401(k)
0
8. Savings
0
9. Social Security
0
10. Union Dues
0
11. Other: (Type of Deduction)
Total Monthly Deductions (Lines 1-11) 0
Business/Self-Employment Income & Expense Schedule
A. Business Income:
What is your average gross (pre-tax) monthly income/revenue from self-employment or businesses?
$
B. Business Expenses: Attach an additional page if needed.
Type of Business Expense Frequency Amount 12 Month Average
Advertising
Car and truck used for business
Commissions, wages or fees
Business Entertainment/Travel
Insurance
Legal and professional
Mortgage or Rent
Pension and profit-sharing plans
Repairs and maintenance
Supplies
Taxes and licenses
(include est. tax payments)
Utilities
Other:
Total Average Business Expenses
Page 3 of 7

|  | Type of Deduction |  | Amount |
|---|---|---|---|
| 1. | Court Ordered Child Support (automatically deducted from paycheck) |  |  |
| 2. | Federal Health Savings Plan |  | 0 |
| 3. | Federal Income Tax |  | 0 |
| 4. | Amount for you: 0
Health Insurance For Opposing Party: 0
For your Child(ren):0 0 |  | 0 |
| 5. | Life, Disability, or Other Insurance Premiums |  | 0 |
| 6. | Medicare |  | 0 |
| 7. | Retirement, Pension, IRA, or 401(k) |  | 0 |
| 8. | Savings |  | 0 |
| 9. | Social Security |  | 0 |
| 10. | Union Dues |  | 0 |
| 11. | Other: (Type of Deduction) |  | 0 |
|  |  | Total Monthly Deductions (Lines 1-11) | 0 |


| Type of Business Expense | Frequency | Amount | 12 Month Average |
|---|---|---|---|
| Advertising |  |  |  |
| Car and truck used for business |  |  |  |
| Commissions, wages or fees |  |  |  |
| Business Entertainment/Travel |  |  |  |
| Insurance |  |  |  |
| Legal and professional |  |  |  |
| Mortgage or Rent |  |  |  |
| Pension and profit-sharing plans |  |  |  |
| Repairs and maintenance |  |  |  |
| Supplies |  |  |  |
| Taxes and licenses
(include est. tax payments) |  |  |  |
| Utilities |  |  |  |
| Other: |  |  |  |
|  | Total Average Business Expenses |  |  |


---


Personal Expense Schedule (Monthly)
A. Fill in the table with the amount of money you spend each month on the following expenses and
check whether you pay the expense for you, for the other party, or for both of you.
For Me Other Party For Both
Expense Monthly Amount I Pay
  
Alimony/Spousal Support
241 X
Auto Insurance
526 X
Car Loan/Lease Payment
110 40 70 X
Cell Phone
Child Support (not deducted from pay)
50 25 25 X
Clothing, Shoes, Etc…
1000
Credit Card Payments (minimum due)
Dry Cleaning
200
Electric
500 X
Food (groceries & restaurants)
400 X
Fuel
Included with Electric
Gas (for home)
Health Insurance (not deducted from pay)
HOA
Home Insurance (if not included in mortgage)
Home Phone
200 x
Internet/Cable
Lawn Care
150 x
Membership Fees
1200 1200 0
Mortgage/Rent/Lease
Pest Control
Pets
Pool Service
Property Taxes (if not included in mortgage)
Security
Sewer
Student Loans
Unreimbursed Medical Expense
Water
Other:
Total Monthly Expenses 3500
Page 4 of 7

| Expense | Monthly Amount I Pay | For Me
 | Other Party
 | For Both
 |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Alimony/Spousal Support |  |  |  |  |
| Auto Insurance | 241 | X |  |  |
| Car Loan/Lease Payment | 526 | X |  |  |
| Cell Phone | 110 | 40 | 70 | X |
| Child Support (not deducted from pay) |  |  |  |  |
| Clothing, Shoes, Etc… | 50 | 25 | 25 | X |
| Credit Card Payments (minimum due) | 1000 |  |  |  |
| Dry Cleaning |  |  |  |  |
| Electric | 200 |  |  |  |
| Food (groceries & restaurants) | 500 | X |  |  |
| Fuel | 400 | X |  |  |
| Gas (for home) | Included with Electric |  |  |  |
| Health Insurance (not deducted from pay) |  |  |  |  |
| HOA |  |  |  |  |
| Home Insurance (if not included in mortgage) |  |  |  |  |
| Home Phone |  |  |  |  |
| Internet/Cable | 200 |  | x |  |
| Lawn Care |  |  |  |  |
| Membership Fees | 150 | x |  |  |
| Mortgage/Rent/Lease | 1200 | 1200 | 0 |  |
| Pest Control |  |  |  |  |
| Pets |  |  |  |  |
| Pool Service |  |  |  |  |
| Property Taxes (if not included in mortgage) |  |  |  |  |
| Security |  |  |  |  |
| Sewer |  |  |  |  |
| Student Loans |  |  |  |  |
| Unreimbursed Medical Expense |  |  |  |  |
| Water |  |  |  |  |
| Other: |  |  |  |  |
| Total Monthly Expenses | 3500 |  |  |  |


---


Household Information
A. Fill in the table below with the name and date of birth of each child, the person the child is living
with, and whether the child is from this relationship. Attached a separate sheet if needed.
Whom is this Is this child Has this child been
Child’s
Child’s Name child living from this certified as special
DOB
with? relationship needs/disabled?
st ALEXIS CLARK 02/24/14 PLAINTIFF YES NO
1
nd EVAKAY BALDES 10/19/09 PLAINTIFF NO NO
2
rd
3
th
4
B. Fill in the table below with the amount of money you spend each month on the following expenses
for each child.
st nd rd th
Type of Expense 1 Child 2 Child 3 Child 4 Child
60 60
Cellular Phone
Child Care
Clothing
Education
Entertainment
Extracurricular & Sports
Health Insurance
(if not deducted from pay)
Summer Camp/Programs
Transportation Costs for Visitation
Unreimbursed Medical Expenses
Vehicle
Other:
Total Monthly Expenses
C. Fill in the table below with the names, ages, and the amount of money contributed by all persons
living in the home over the age of eighteen. If more than 4 adult household members attached a
separate sheet.
Person’s Relationship to You Monthly
Name Age (i.e. sister, friend, cousin, etc…) Contribution
Page 5 of 7

|  | Child’s Name | Child’s
DOB | Whom is this
child living
with? | Is this child
from this
relationship | Has this child been
certified as special
needs/disabled? |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1st | ALEXIS CLARK | 02/24/14 | PLAINTIFF | YES | NO |
| 2nd | EVAKAY BALDES | 10/19/09 | PLAINTIFF | NO | NO |
| 3rd |  |  |  |  |  |
| 4th |  |  |  |  |  |


| Type of Expense | 1st Child | 2nd Child | 3rd Child | 4th Child |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Cellular Phone | 60 | 60 |  |  |
| Child Care |  |  |  |  |
| Clothing |  |  |  |  |
| Education |  |  |  |  |
| Entertainment |  |  |  |  |
| Extracurricular & Sports |  |  |  |  |
| Health Insurance (if not deducted from pay) |  |  |  |  |
| Summer Camp/Programs |  |  |  |  |
| Transportation Costs for Visitation |  |  |  |  |
| Unreimbursed Medical Expenses |  |  |  |  |
| Vehicle |  |  |  |  |
| Other: |  |  |  |  |
| Total Monthly Expenses |  |  |  |  |


| Name | Age | Person’s Relationship to You
(i.e. sister, friend, cousin, etc…) | Monthly
Contribution |
|---|---|---|---|
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |


---


Personal Asset and Debt Chart
A. Complete this chart by listing all of your assets, the value of each, the amount owed on each, and
whose name the asset or debt is under. If more than 15 assets, attach a separate sheet.
Whose Name is
on the Account?
Description of Asset and Debt Total Amount
Line Gross Value Net Value You, Your
Thereon Owed
Spouse/Domestic
Partner or Both
1990 Manufactured Home 70000 0 70000 Donovan
1. $
-
$
=
$
2020 ChevyTrailblazer 15000 24000 -9000 Donovan
2. $
-
$
=
$
3. $ - $ = $
4. $ - $ = $
5. $
-
$
=
$
6. $ - $ = $
7. $
-
$
=
$
8. $ - $ = $
9. $
-
$
=
$
10. $ - $ = $
11. $
-
$
=
$
12. $ - $ = $
13. $
-
$
=
$
14. $ - $ = $
15. $
-
$
=
$
Total Value of Assets
85000 24000 61000
$ - $ = $
(add lines 1-15)
B. Complete this chart by listing all of your unsecured debt, the amount owed on each account, and
whose name the debt is under. If more than 5 unsecured debts, attach a separate sheet.
Line
Description of Credit Card or Total Amount Whose Name is on the Account?
#
Other Unsecured Debt owed
You, Your Spouse/Domestic Partner or Both
1.
$
Payday Loans 13000.00 Donovan Clark
2.
$
`Dodge Neon (Repossed) 7000.00 Donovan Clark
3.
$
Chevy Sonic (Repossed) 18000.00 Donovan Clark
4.
$
Credit Cards 10000.00 Donovan Clark
5.
$
Restitution: Bigamy Fraud" 214,500.00 Megan Mccafferty
6.
$
Total Unsecured Debt (add lines 1-6) $ 262000.00
Page 6 of 7

| Line | Description of Asset and Debt
Thereon | Gross Value |  | Total Amount
Owed |  | Net Value | Whose Name is
on the Account?
You, Your
Spouse/Domestic
Partner or Both |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1. | 1990 Manufactured Home | $ 70000 | - | $ 0 | = | $ 70000 | Donovan |
| 2. | 2020 ChevyTrailblazer | $ 15000 | - | $ 24000 | = | $ -9000 | Donovan |
| 3. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 4. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 5. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 6. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 7. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 8. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 9. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 10. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 11. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 12. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 13. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 14. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| 15. |  | $ | - | $ | = | $ |  |
| Total Value of Assets
(add lines 1-15) |  | 85000
$ | - | 24000
$ | = |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  | 61000
$ |  |


| Line
# | Description of Credit Card or
Other Unsecured Debt | Total Amount
owed | Whose Name is on the Account?
You, Your Spouse/Domestic Partner or Both |
|---|---|---|---|
| 1. | Payday Loans | $ 13000.00 | Donovan Clark |
| 2. | `Dodge Neon (Repossed) | $ 7000.00 | Donovan Clark |
| 3. | Chevy Sonic (Repossed) | $ 18000.00 | Donovan Clark |
| 4. | Credit Cards | $ 10000.00 | Donovan Clark |
| 5. | Restitution: Bigamy Fraud" | $ 214,500.00 | Megan Mccafferty |
| 6. |  | $ |  |
| Total Unsecured Debt (add lines 1-6) |  | $ 262000.00 |  |


---


CERTIFICATION
Attorney Information: Complete the following sentences:
Have Not
1. I (have/have not) retained an attorney for this case.
0
2. As of the date of today, the attorney has been paid a total of $ ___________on my behalf.
0
3. I have a credit with my attorney in the amount of $ ______________________________.
0
4. I currently owe my attorney at total of $ _______________________________________.
0
5. I owe my prior attorney at total of $ __________________________________________.
IMPORTANT: Read the following paragraphs carefully and initial each one if applicable.
This document does not contain the personal information of any person as defined by NRS
603A.040.
X
I swear or affirm under penalty of perjury that I have read and followed all instructions
in completing this Financial Disclosure Form. I understand that, by my signature, I guarantee
the truthfulness of the information on this Form. I also understand that if I knowingly make
false statements I may be subject to punishment, including contempt of court.
X
I have attached a copy of my 3 most recent pay stubs to this form.
I have attached a copy of my most recent YTD income statement/P&L
statement to this form, if self-employed.
I have not attached a copy of my pay stubs to this form because I am
currently unemployed.
/s/ Donovan Clark 01/20/2025
Signature Date
Page 7 of 7

---


DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS
August 19, 2025
Donovan Dee Clark
6550 Pyramid Way Spc 37
Sparks, NV 89436
Dear Donovan Clark:
This letter certifies that Donovan Dee Clark is receiving service-connected disability compensation from the
Department of Veterans Affairs.
The current benefit paid is as follows:
Gross Benefit Amount $4,307.49
Net Amount Paid $4,307.49
Effective Date December 1, 2024
Combined Evaluation 100 percent
How You Can Contact Us
• If you need general information about benefits and eligibility, please visit us at https://www.va.gov.
• Call us at 1-800-827-1000.
• Contact us using Telecommunications Relay Services (TTY) at 711 24/7.
• Send electronic inquiries through the Internet at https://www.va.gov/contact-us.
Sincerely Yours,
Regional Office Director
aff545e7-2d85-40c6-a5d3-55782dccacd7

---
