F I L E D
Electronically
FV16-01710
2017-01-03 04:23:33 PM
Jacqueline Bryant
Clerk of the Court
Transaction # 5882394
1
217931000A
CODE: 1940
SUSAN HALLAHAN, C.D.D.A. (NV Bar 4412)
2
KARI LEPORI CORDISCO, D.D.A (NV Bar 3467)
PO BOX 11130
3
RENO, NV 89520
(775) 789-7100
4
DAFSLEGAL@DA.WASHOECOUNTY.US
ATTORNEYS FOR: WASHOE COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY’S OFFICE
5
6 IN THE FAMILY DIVISION
7 OF THE SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE STATE OF NEVADA
8 IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF WASHOE
)
9
MEGAN MCCAFFERTY )
Obligee, )
10
vs. )
)
11 Case No. FV16-01710
DONOVAN CLARK )
Obligor. )
12 Dept. No. UM
)
)
13
)
)
14
)
)
15
MASTER’S FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS; NOTICE OF ENTRY OF ORDER
16
The Notice and Finding of Financial Responsibility matter was
17
heard on December 13, 2016 before the Court Master with the following
persons present:
18
PRESENTED by: Susan Hallahan, Chief Deputy District Attorney
19
District Attorney’s Office
20
Obligee: Not present
21
Obligor: Present Represented by: pro per
22
After considering all of the evidence, the Master hereby makes
the following Findings and Recommendations:
23
(XX) Obligor is the parent of the following child:
24
ALEXIS M CLARK 02-24-2014
25
/ / / /
-1-

---


1
(XX) Obligee was properly noticed of today’s hearing at her last known
address and failed to appear.
2
It is further ordered that: this child support action shall be closed
3
in the District Attorney’s Office at the request of Obligor.
4
IT IS SO RECOMMENDED.
5
Dated: ___December 13___, 2016 _______________________
COURT MASTER
6
7
__________________________ _________________________
Obligee/Obligee’s Attorney Obligor/Obligor’s Attorney
8
Receipt of this document is Receipt of this document is
acknowledged by my signature acknowledged by my signature
9
NOTICE
10
Objections/Appeals are governed by NRS 425.3844 and Washoe District
11
Court Rule 32. You have ten (10) days from the date that this
Master’s Recommendations were personally served on you and an
12
additional three (3) days if it was mailed to you to file an
objection. Failure to file and serve written objections will result
13
in a final Judgment being entered by District Court.
14
ORDER/JUDGMENT
15
___ The Clerk of the Court, or her deputy has reviewed the District
Court’s file and has determined that no objection has been filed
16
within the ten (10) day objection period. Therefore, the Master’s
Findings and Recommendations are deemed approved pursuant to NRS
17 425.3844. The affixing of the Clerk of the Court’s file stamp to this
Master’s Findings and Recommendations signifies the ten-day objection
18 period has expired without an objection having been filed and that the
Second Judicial District Court deems the Master’s Findings and
19 Recommendations approved as a Judgement and Order of the Second
Judicial District Court, effective with the file stamp date, without
20 need of a District Court Judge’s signature affirming the Master’s
Findings and Recommendations. The parties are ordered to comply with
this Judgment and Order.
21
22 ___ An objection to this Master’s Findings and Recommendations was
filed on ____________. A District Court Judge must review this
23 Master’s Findings and Recommendations to determine whether it will
become effective.
24
DONOVAN DEE CLARK
25 DA CASE NUMBER: 217931000A
FV16-01710
-2-

---
